# Download: Clouds Kingdom 3 v1.5

**Short description: **

## Fight robots using your sword as you hunt for your arch enemy.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ck32_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Clouds Kingdom 3 v1.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Clouds-Kingdom_program_17255.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Fight robots using your sword as you hunt for your arch enemy.

**Background story:**

"The two rivals, Master Jikah and Sinith Majoo, had been battling for almost
two long years. JiKah was an experienced ninja, and Majoo was a strong-minded
wizard. Both of them were very strong and very skilled at fighting. Only JiKah
and Majoo knew the reason why they were fighting each other. Spectators could
had to guess the answer. As the battle went on, Master JiKah felt that he was
weaker than Sinith Majoo. It was something about MajooA's magical powers that
made it almost impossible for JiKah to even hit him.

One day, JiKah lost the battle. He didnA't die, but he surrendered. Sinith
Majoo spared his life, but sent him into another dimension, a dimension called
the Clouds Kingdom. Master JiKah was weak and had no knowledge about magic, so
he was forced to climb the clouds to find a way out. It took him several days
before he finally found a portal out of Clouds Kingdom. JiKah felt the anger
rise inside of him, and he wanted to claim revenge on his opponent in a final
battle. But then he would need to search the mighty lands of Rakast.

After he had rested a while, JiKah resumed his search for Majoo in Rakast. The
adventure went on, and he went through a bunch of portals before he finally
found the room where Sinith Majoo was hiding, but he wasnA't there. Instead
there was an open portal in the centre of the room and Master JiKah decided to
enter it. He had nothing to loose. He would do everything to claim the revenge
on Sinith Majoo..."

**Gameplay:**

If you ever played the first two games in the Clouds Kingdom series, youA'll
probably know that they didnA't include any enemies or action at all. Both of
them were all about jumping and avoiding stuff. Gladly I am to announce the
biggest addition in the last sequel; action.

In Clouds Kingdom 3, JiKah encounters enemies, which is a perfect opportunity
to practice his skills with the sword. But he will also get to use Throwing
stars and learn new abilities throughout the game.

The game is split up in chapters, and each chapter has a final boss. This
means that there are no possibilities to rush through the game. But to make
sure that the player (you) donA't skip the enemies to just face the bosses, a
score system has been implemented. To earn score you can kill enemies.
Depending on the difficulty of the enemy, the more score youA'll get. You can
also collect the diamonds that lay scattered all over the game. Now is time
for you to earn everyoneA's respect by getting the highest score on the online
highscore list.

**What's New in version 1.5:**

  * New Sword Spin Attacker 
  * Contains a vast amount of bugfixes and updated gameplay from the original game released in 2005. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ck32.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

