# Download: Letteria v1.1

**Short description: **

## A game to challenge the speed and accuracy of your typing skills.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/letteria1_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Letteria v1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Letteria-V_program_23888.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

How fast can you type? Download Letteria and give it a try with this freeware
challenge for your typing skills!

If you consider yourself a keyboard master, start with the Hard difficulty
right away and weA'll see each other in the World High Scores Table. If
youA're not so comfortable with a keyboard yet, there are Easy and Medium
difficulties, making sure youA'll find the game just as challenging as you
like. And if youA're an adventurer, we included the Free Game mode too, so you
can make settings of your own!

The rules are really pretty easy to understand: The letters are falling from
the top of the window and you have to dispatch them by hitting their
corresponding keyboard keys before they reach the bottom. In addition, you can
type the words shown at the bottom of the screen, which gives you not only
points, but more importantly, lives. And of course, what game would it be
without a generous Bonus Bar! Although we kept the rules simple, they leave
you a lot of space in finding clever tactics.

The word list included in Letteria consists of more than 11.000 words. While
playing on Easy difficulty, youA'll get to type "Hello", "Park", or "Wow", but
if you plan to play on Hard, better recall how words like "Mediterranean",
"Hyperbolical" or "Abbreviated" are spelled!

We really wanted you to feel comfortable while playing Letteria, so we paid
great attention to the audioA'nA'video side of the game. Nice bright design
and seven audio tracks especially fitted to the game should make your playing
as pleasant as possible.

But enough talking - why donA't you check out for yourself!

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/letteria1.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

