# Download: Bifido Punnett Square Calculator 4.0

**Short description: **

## Generate punnett squares for simple and very difficult genetics crosses.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bfpscalc_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Bifido Punnett Square Calculator 4.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Bifido-Punnett-Square-Calculator_program_98742.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Bifido Punnett Square Calculator is a very powerful and fast genetic
calculator. With this program, you can easily generate punnett squares for
very difficult genetics crosses and simulate ratio and probability for
offspring in real genetics experiments. Because of the special algorithm, you
get absolutely correct results less than one second.

You can use more than one letter to designate the alleles in the parental
genotypes and use "+" sign for the dominant alleles. With this program, the
calculation of punnett squares will no longer be hard work for you. The
program has many rich features. This professional tool gives you great
opportunities for solving not only simple mendelian crosess, but genetics
problems for linkage, polygenic inheritance and polyploidy. And with a
powerful mechanism of a traits file, it is possible to solve a problems for
genes interactions crosses, like incomplete dominance, codominance, epistasis
and polygenic inheritance. For these purposes, you can use the prepared
examples files and write your own traits files.

Besides the punnett square calculator youA'll find useful extensions, Crossing
Over Map Calculator (to determine the distance between genes (up to three
genes) on genetic map with crossing over process), Fruit Fly Gender Calculator
(for to determine the gender of fruit flies - Drosophila melanogaster) and
Recombination Progeny Calculator(to determine how many progeny in the screen
you need for find at least one recombination progeny).

Use this software you increase your knowledge in the genetics and have a
better understanding of the principles of genetics and save your time.

**WhatA's New in version 4.0:**

  * Unicode support. You can write parents genotypes using unicode symbols ( by your native language ). 
  * The calculator saves its settings on exit. 
  * In the help file now included all tutorials from the site. 
  * Fixed a bug with designation of polygenes without special characters and applying the A'+A' character. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bfpscalc.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

