# Download: ItsLogical 1.0.0.6

**Short description: **

## Reduces logical statements to their simplest form.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/itslogical_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ItsLogical 1.0.0.6](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ItsLogical_program_98528.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ItsLogical will take any logical statement that contains Ifs, Elses, ElseIfs,
Ands, Ors, Nots, and user entered Statements, and it will attempt to reduce
that logical statement to its simplest form. It does not matter how
complicated the statement is, ItsLogical can handle any combination of the
allowed logical operators without loss in performance.

Even though it can handle any size statement without trouble, the combinations
and permutations that it considers when trying to find alternatives become
unwieldy for Visual Basic, so this program can be painfully slow. It generates
a massive truth table in Excel to exhaust the truth values for the given
statement, and the user decides which logical operator to try next and then
checks to see if there is a logical equivalence.

People who would enjoy this program include math students who are interested
in logical equivalences and truth tables should find it fascinating to find
the negation of an If-Then-Else statement, or the And-Or equivalent to any If-
Then-ElseIf-Else statement, or the reduction of a ridiculously complicated
series of Ands, Ors, and Nots to a simple statement of Ands, Ors, and Nots.

Also, anybody using Excel or similar spreadsheet and has entered a complicated
If-Then-Else and wants to see it in tree form, then edit the tree, then send
it back to Excel. This is really useful if Excel is telling you that you have
missed some parenthesis somewhere and you find yourself desperately guessing,
Maybe if I just put a right parenthesis here, it will give me the value I
want?

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/itslogical.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

