# Download: Microsoft WorldWide Telescope 5.0.3

**Short description: **

## Enables your computer to function as a virtual telescope.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/msftwwtelescope_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Microsoft WorldWide Telescope 5.0.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Microsoft-WorldWide-Telescope_program_41720.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The WorldWide Telescope (WWT) is a Web 2.0 visualization software environment
that enables your computer to function as a virtual telescopeAbringing
together imagery from the best ground and space-based telescopes in the world
for a seamless exploration of the universe.

Choose from a growing number of guided tours of the sky by astronomers and
educators from some of the most famous observatories and planetariums in the
country. Feel free at any time to pause the tour, explore on your own (with
multiple information sources for objects at your fingertips), and rejoin the
tour where you left off. Join Harvard Astronomer Alyssa Goodman on a journey
showing how dust in the Milky Way Galaxy condenses into stars and planets.
Take a tour with University of Chicago Cosmologist Mike Gladders two billion
years into the past to see a gravitational lens bending the light from
galaxies allowing you to see billions more years into the past.

WorldWide Telescope is created with the MicrosoftA(r) high performance Visual
Experience EngineA and allows seamless panning and zooming around the night
sky, planets, and image environments. View the sky from multiple wavelenghts:
See the x-ray view of the sky and zoom into bright radiation clouds, and then
crossfade into the visible light view and discover the cloud remnants of a
supernova explosion from a thousand years ago. Switch to the Hydrogen Alpha
view to see the distribution and illumination of massive primordial hydrogen
cloud structures lit up by the high energy radiation coming from nearby stars
in the Milky Way. These are just two of many different ways to reveal the
hidden structures in the universe with the WorldWide Telescope. Seamlessly pan
and zoom from aerial views of the Moon and selected planets, as well as see
their precise positions in the sky from any location on Earth and any time in
the past or future with the Microsoft Visual Experience Engine.

WWT is a single rich application portal that blends terabytes of images,
information, and stories from multiple sources over the Internet into a
seamless, immersive, rich media experience. Kids of all ages will feel
empowered to explore and understand the universe with its simple and powerful
user interface.

Microsoft Research is dedicating WorldWide Telescope to the memory of Jim Gray
and is releasing WWT as a free resource to the astronomy and education
communities with the hope that it will inspire and empower people to explore
and understand the universe like never before.

Requires: [Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0](http://www.freewarefiles.com
/Microsoft-NET-Framework-x-Final_program_16026.html).

**System Requirements:**

  * MicrosoftA(r) XP SP2 (minimum), WindowsA(r) VistaA(r), or WindowsA(r) 7 (recommended) 
  * PC with Intel Core 2 Duo processor with 2 gigahertz (GHz) or faster, recommended 
  * 1 gigabyte (GB) of RAM; 2 GB RAM recommended 
  * 3D accelerated card with 128 megabytes (MB) RAM; discrete graphics card with dedicated 256-MB VRAM recommended for higher performance 
  * 1 GB of available hard disk space; 10 GB recommended for off-line features and higher performance browsing 
  * XGA (1024 x 768) or higher resolution monitor 
  * Microsoft Mouse or compatible pointing and scrolling device 
  * Microsoft DirectX version 9.0c or later and .NET Framework 2.0 or later 
  * Required for some features; Internet connection at 56 Kbps or higher through either an Internet service provider (ISP) or a network. Internet access might require a separate fee to an ISP; local or long-distance telephone charges might also apply 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/msftwwtelescope.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

