# Download: SketchEl 1.49a

**Short description: **

## An interactive chemical molecule sketching tool, and molecular spreadsheet
data entry application.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sketchei_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SketchEl 1.49a](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SketchEl_program_57282.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SketchEl is an interactive chemical molecule sketching tool, and molecular
spreadsheet data entry application. The feature set provided by the molecular
sketcher is largely limited to the minimum features required to conveniently
edit diagram representations of small molecule structures. Toolbars,
templates, mouse gestures, keyboard shortcuts, utility commands and several
view modes are offered in order to make this as convenient as possible.
Molecules can be easily interconverted with the ubiquitous MDL MOL file
format, though not not necessarily without information loss. Molecule diagrams
are rendered interactively in high quality, and can also be exported as SVG
graphics.

The newer datasheet feature of SketchEl allows viewing and editing of simple
tables of data, for which each column is a common scalar type (string, int,
real, boolean) or a molecule. Editing and viewing of molecules is linked to
the molecule sketching tool. The datasheet editing is intended to be
convenient for entering numeric property and identification data, alongside
the molecular structures of interest. The native format is XML based, with
features for interconverting with MDL SD files.

All of the SketchEl features are written and compiled with Java 1.5, and make
full use of the features available in the default libraries. There are no
additional dependencies. The code is most extensively tested on Linux
platforms, frequently on Windows, and occasionally on Mac OS X. The single-
molecule editing feature can be run as a Java Applet within a web page, and
the underlying molecule contents can be manipulated by JavaScript programs.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sketchei.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

