# Download: PSPOP3 Inspector 1.4.593

**Short description: **

## Delete spam emails directly on the server prior to downloading them to your
PC.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pspop3insp_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PSPOP3 Inspector 1.4.593](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PSPOP3-Inspector_program_37732.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

PSPOP3 Inspector offers to you a preview possibility for your POP3 accounts,
as well as the possibility to delete "bad emails" direct on the server. With
the program you spare traffic, delete viruses, worms and spam emails directly
on the server and avoid that dangerous code lands on your PC!

Thanks to threaded architecture (Multi Threading) the program is not only
robustly and stable, but also very fast and is in the best way suitable for
the work with many POP3 accounts. It convinces in speed and clarity. Thus,
different POP3 accounts and there situated mails is not only
grouped/hierarchically represented, but can improve the overview additionally
with a color markers. With the receiving of the email headers from server, the
program analyzes these and improves the overview once again - emails will be
marked with different classification symbols.

You have the possibility to administrate white and black lists. To it you can
add senders and recipient addresses, as well as subject or parts of the
subject. Emails, which were assigned to the white list during examination,
will be handled with double safety, in order not coincidentally to be deleted
on the server. Beyond that, the program determines format of the email
(Text/HTML/Attachments).

It logs carefully all deletion processes. Headers of the deleted emails are
stored in the local database of the program. Via statistics function you can
access this database and use different search functionalities.

**Supported RFCs:** RFC-1225, RFC-1734, RFC-1939, RFC-2449, RFC-2595. PSPOP3 Inspector supports SSL/TLS connections (Explicit and Implicit modes). 

Free for 5 POP3 Accounts.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pspop3insp.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

