# Download: Adventnet ManageEngine Desktop Central

**Short description: **

## Remote Windows Desktop Management, Administration and Configuration
Software.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/desktopcentral_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Adventnet ManageEngine Desktop Central](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Adventnet-ManageEngine-Desktop-Central_program_16170.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ManageEngine Desktop Central is a complete Windows desktop management software
that remotely configures and manages Windows desktops and laptops. It
leverages the Windows Active Directory and GPO of the Win 2000/2003 Domains to
perform the configuration tasks. With over 20 predefined configurations,
administrators can perform almost all the regular desktop management
activities with ease. It helps to secure and standardize the Windows desktops
across the network. The Web-based user interface allows administrators to
remotely apply the configurations to a single or group of desktops using the
powerful filtering capability. The predefined configurations are

Desktop Configurations: Help administrators to manage the user settings and
maintain consistency across the network with configurations like Path, Drive
mapping, Network Printers, Display settings, launch applications, folder
redirection, etc.

System Configurations: Help administrators to provide standardized environment
in all the systems using Install software configuration, Windows services,
registry settings, Message Box configurations, etc.

Application Configurations: Helps administrators in configuring the Microsoft
applications like MS Office, MS Outlook, Internet Explorer proxy settings,
Mail(MAPI) profile for MSExchange across the net.

Windows Security Configurations: Helps administrators to protect the Windows
desktops from unauthorized access and other vulnerabilities by configuring
windows security policies, XP Firewall, sending alerts and legal notices.

The Active Directory reports include: User, Computer, Group, Organizational
Unit, Domain, Printers, Sites and DNS reports.

Key Features:

  * Supports Win 2000, XP, and 2003 OS 
  * Predefined configurations to achieve most of the desktop management tasks 
  * Targets for configuration can be defined using include/exclude criteria 
  * Provides the status of the applied configurations 
  * Readymade reports of the Active Directory infrastructure 

Desktop Central Free Edition allows you manage up to 10 Desktops in your
network. The Free Edition never expires.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/desktopcentral.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

