# Download: Uconomix SnapLogger Lite 1.0

**Short description: **

## Record and play back your day like a movie.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/snaploggerlite_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Uconomix SnapLogger Lite 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Uconomix-SnapLogger-Lite_program_33909.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Record and play back your day like a movie. Track your time visually with
Uconomix SnapLogger.  
  
SnapLogger Lite is a FREEWARE version of SnapLogger. Uconomix SnapLogger is a
computer activity logging application. It runs in your system tray and
periodically takes screenshots of your computer.  
  
The purpose of this program is NOT to spy on you but to help you keep a visual
track of your time. You have complete control over what the program records.  
  
WhatAs the use of this? Well at the end of the day you can see what you have
been doing the whole day and where exactly you spent your time. This comes in
handy when you are filling up a timesheet or a day log.  
  
If your work depends on billing your clients on the basis of the time youAve
spent working on their project or you have to fill up a timesheet for your
employer stating what you did the whole day then SnapLogger is just for you.
You no longer have to scratch your head wondering how long you worked on a
specific task. You can play back your dayAs activities just like a movie and
see what you were doing at a specific moment.  
  
With the Pro version of SnapLogger you can control what the program can and
can not record. You can tell SnapLogger not to take screenshots when you are
playing solitaire, watching a video or chatting on your favorite instant
messenger. Or you can tell it to take screenshots ONLY when you are working on
a specific application like Photoshop or MS Excel.  
  
SnapLogger will not intrude on the normal working of your computer at all. All
it will take up is some space on your disk to store the snapshots. You can
configure the frequency to take the screenshots and tell it not to take them
when your PC is lying idle. With the Pro version you can even protect the
screenshots with a password so that no one else can see what youAve been doing
the whole day on your computer.  
  
_Fill up a timesheet, bill your clients, play back your day like a movie, log
you time visually with Uconomix SnapLogger!_

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/snaploggerlite.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

