# Download: 3D Browser Light v6.0

**Short description: **

## Powerful image/3D/audio files browser/viewer (+80 formats supported).

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/3dbrowser_lite_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download 3D Browser Light v6.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/D-Browser-Light-V_program_6328.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

3D Browser Light is a file explorer, which makes viewing, editing and
organizing your images, 3D files and audio files easier.

For each directory, 3D Browser Light displays high quality thumbnails for each
recognized files, computed in a background thread. 3D Browser Light recognized
more than 60 images formats, a lot of 3D formats and most of audio files.
Several customizable displays modes, sorts modes and files filters makes
browsing directories very comfortable.

Images or scenes can viewed or edited with the 3D Browser Light viewers or in
an external application, using the fast application access toolbar, drag &
drop, or the application selection dialog.

Each file has its own property sheet which contains information about author,
title, legend, description, keywords. This sheet contains also taking-picture
condition information (for images issued from a digital camera) or faces,
points materials information for 3D files. You can retrieve your files
entering one of these specifics information, using the search feature.

3D Browser Light has an image viewer and an OpenGL viewer for an high-quality
display of your images and 3D scenes. Viewers include slides show feature and
navigation features to display quickly files contained in the directory.

The image viewer can display the image or the alpha channel. It allows
convertion, and offers basics editings features (rotate, flip, color
inversion...).

The OpenGL viewer clearly shows scene hierarchy and materials. It has several
rendering mode (wireframed flatted, smoothed, smoothed/wireframed...) and
displays textures when they exist.

Point of view is defined using the display features (zoom, pan, auto zoom...)
and can be used to update the current scene thumbnail or as the default point
of view for thumbnails computation.

3D Browser Light also allows playing audio files really easily. It displays
useful information for MP3 files (author, title, length...) in the tooltips.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/3dbrowser_lite.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

