# Download: One Cat Viewer Free 5.0

**Short description: **

## Free image viewer - thumbnails, slideshows, video, photoshop, image
conversion.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ocviewer_screen5_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download One Cat Viewer Free 5.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/One-Cat-Viewer-Free_program_20859.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The classic freeware image viewer reborn. Sleek, completely redesigned
thumbnail viewer with support for slide shows, full screen viewing, video,
image conversion, printing, and more. Version 5.0 adds video, multiple
thumbnail layouts, powerful image enhancement tools, more formats (such as
Adobe Photoshop), and a new redesigned image cache provides the ability to
quickly change between thumbnail sizes so you can "zoom" in and out on your
directory to find the image you are looking for.

Besides your basic rotations and flips, a whole array of single click image
enhancements are available. All can be applied to the entire image or to the
area of the image you select with the selection tools, so you can zero in on
the problem. For power users, an advanced enhancements tool is available with
histogram controls, custom filters, and more.

Another nice new feature of version 5 is the ability to change the layout of
the viewer using the thumbnail layout dropdown.

Due to popular demand, video capability is back in One Cat Viewer. One Cat
Viewer taps the power of MicrosoftA's Windows Media Player engine to display
video right along with your images. Video will even play along with your slide
shows! Thumbnails will show up right along with your images.

If you have way too many images, One Cat Viewer be placed in a sampling mode,
which chooses a small number of images distributed throughout each directory
and only shows those thumbnails. Its easy to turn off and on and is
indespensible in searching through large image collections quickly, getting a
solid idea of what is in each directory without having to scroll through them.
This is one addictive feature you will not know how you did without!

Need to convert an image into another format? One Cat Viewer can handle that.
Images can be saved in the JPEG, GIF, PNG, and more. You can also resize its
dimensions.

**WhatA's New in version 5.0:**

  * Multiple thumbnail layouts 
  * Fast thumbnail size switching 
  * An array of image enhancement tools including redeye removal 
  * Plays Video files 
  * Vista Support (32 and 64 bit) 
  * More image formats (such as Adobe Photoshop) 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ocviewer_screen5.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

