# Download: Snapact Photo Manager 1.4

**Short description: **

## Snapact allows you to easily acquire, view, organize, and share your
photos.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/snapactphotomngr1_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Snapact Photo Manager 1.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Snapact-Photo-Manager_program_44633.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Are you looking for an easy way to view, organize, and share your photos while
staying in touch with friends and family? Snapact has been designed to
simplify your digital photo organization and online photo sharing experience.

With SnapactAs innovative album creation and synchronization technology, your
photos can be easily and quickly organized. Publish your Snapact albums to
your Snapact online account and update your photos and albums with a simple
click of a button. You are in full control of which albums you want to share
with your friends and family. Publish all your albums or publish none. The
choice is yours.

SnapactAs photo referencing technology allows you to add a single photo to
multiple Snapact albums without having to actually copy and paste the photo
into each album and use up more hard drive space. Easily remove photos from a
single Snapact Album or from all Snapact Albums. Say goodbye to manually
removing unwanted photos from multiple folders. Keep them organized with
Snapact Photo Manager.

Share your photos through your own unique Snapact online account. SnapactA's
Album and Profile privacy features allow you to decide who can or canA't see
your albums, photos, and personal profile. Add new albums, photos, titles,
descriptions, or comments with ease and instantly update the changes to your
personal Snapact site. Snapact offers minor editing features such as rotate,
crop, redeye removal, colour adjustment, sharpen/blur, brightness/contrast,
and black & white. With Snapact, you can add tags for easy organization and
searching. Adding titles, descriptions, and comments to your photos really
help to tell the story behind the photos that you share.

Snapact is a simple solution that has tied social networking with photo
sharing. Staying connected has never been easier!

**Minimum System Requirements:** Pentium 500 MHz processor or equivalent, 512 MB RAM, 6 MB HD space for install. 200 MB recommended for thumbnail and database information.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/snapactphotomngr1.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

