# Download: Vevo! CatalogMaker

**Short description: **

## Do-IT-Yourself free Catalog maker (both printed catalog and digital
cataloging).

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/vevocatalog_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Vevo! CatalogMaker](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Vevo-CatalogMaker_program_15283.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Vevo! CatalogMaker is simple to use, yet powerful software to facilitate
catalog making (both printed catalog and digital cataloging), photo album
making, sales presentation creation and slide show building. CatalogMaker
publishes catalogs, sales presentations, digital albums, printed catalogs in
MS office documents. It blends the power and ease of MS Office to customize
catalog design settings and editing of published catalogs.

User can customize catalog contents to suit business practices, design
settings, catalog contents in published catalogs, catalog product selection,
product prices / discount to suit customer / event specific mini catalogs,
catalog languages to build catalog in non english language etc. and can build
catalogs, catalog supplements, discount catalogs, customer / event specific
mini catalogs, digital photo albums, digital catalog, multimedia CD catalog,
slide show, sales presentations, printed catalogs and PDF catalogs.

Unlike most Digital cataloging software or Catalog Making Solutions, since it
uses MS Office to publish catalogs, users find it easy to build , publish and
distribute catalogs. It has enhanced features (viz BuyNow link integration,
web catalog integration, powerful navigation, response sheets, transparent
graphic support, special links to new /hot /special offer products etc) to
support catalog business (e.g. textile catalog, furniture catalog, craft
catalog, jewelry catalog, apparel catalog, leather bags catalog, ceramic
catalog, home furnishing catalog, fashion catalog, cosmetic catalog,
industrial machinery catalog, coins catalog, collectors catalog, antique
catalog, handicraft catalog, diamond jewelry catalog, carpet catalog).
Likewise, Personal Photo Album Makers also find it feature rich, flexible,
customizable and yet easy to use digital photo album creator.

Freeware Version of CatalogMaker comes with full feature support and unlimited
duration (no expiry) with restriction of 200 catalog products / graphics.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/vevocatalog.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

