# Download: Babala

**Short description: **

## A simple logical game with elements of move strategy, colorful and fun.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/babala_shot_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Babala](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Babala_program_15124.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Babala is a fun and fanciful game suitable for all ages. You fend off the
enemy muggers (they canA't shoot) on a basic grid, amidst obstacles and booby
traps. The gameA's defining features are mercifully simple but donA't be
fooled, because it gets tough as nails to beat as the levels progress. ItA's
all in the campaign designs. A worthwhile scoring system is employed, and
record high scores can be uploaded for display at Babala.org. There are 200
discrete levels, the first 10 being a tutorial. Gameplay is strictly at your
own pace, itA's never a test of reflexes.

This is a simple Logic/Strategy round-based war game of sorts, not lacking in
cute animations. The enemy are arrayed on the field; intently, theyA'll dog
your every turn. YouA'll have only limited moves & shots to deploy during your
each round, 6 or 7 tops: choose as you go from a set of 5 maximal trade-offs.
Your shots are either projectile or mine, assuming youA're so armed. Following
your strokes, the enemy forces make a measured advance. If he reaches you,
youA're mugged, you lose. There may be obstructions and certain rigged perils,
critically situated, or remote ammunition stores that have to be acquired.

Must be played to be appreciated: prodigious, often diabolical, never a
shortage of variety and the unexpected. And thereA's usually a way to best an
earlier score, if you ambitiously replay a level. In-game help is in English,
Czech or German, as specified during installation. If not already present,
requires download and install of free GTK+2 libraries (3.5 MB) for Windows.
ThereA's a Linux version as well, visit www.babala.org.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/babala_shot.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

