# Download: Scorched 3D v43.3d

**Short description: **

## Blow up enemy tanks by choosing the angle, direction, and power of each
shot.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/scorched3d4_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Scorched 3D v43.3d](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Scorched-3D_program_11871.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Scorched 3D is a modernization of the classic DOS game Scorched Earth A'The
Mother Of All GamesA' on which it is based. Scorched 3D incorporates a lively
three dimensional landscape that includes animated jets, naval vessels, water,
and even birds, in addition to detailed tanks and projectiles. Other
enhancements include LAN and internet play and music. Scorched 3D is totally
free to play and is available for both Microsoft Windows and Unix (Linux,
FreeBSD, Mac OS X, Solaris etc.) operating systems.

Scorched 3D is a simple turn-based artillery game and also a real-time
strategy game in which players can counter each othersA' weapons with other
creative accessories, shields and tactics. Learn skill in timing, aiming and
judgment, move around on the landscape, or even out-smart your opponent
economically.

Learning how to play is easy, just point the turret, adjust power and
trajectory, select a weapon - and shoot! Manage your inventory of weapons with
the prize money you can win during each round of combat. Learn the basic
controls using the tutorial mode, or set up your own game by customizing
dozens of economy and environmental conditions to your liking, or simply play
online immediately at one of the various public servers.

You can play with up to twenty four other players at a time, mixing computer
players with humans on both randomly generated 3D landscapes and user designed
maps. Scorched3D comes bundled with Apocalypse mod, which offers enhanced
levels of weaponry and additional user designed maps and also offers an active
online community of players making models, maps and mods for the game.

**What's New in version 43.3d:**

  * Added version number and build time into the log/console 
  * Fixed memory corruption bug (deletion of void *) 
  * Fixed issue where tank types were not being correctly reflected across clients 
  * Fixed issue where resized images were incorrectly changing the number of components 
  * Fixed bug where connecting to a team game could crash the client 
  * Fixed bug where some attributes of the client's tank types were not correct 
  * Fixed bug where tank type wasn't sent to clients 
  * Fixed socket leaking when disconnecting from a server 
  * Fixed bug with program name being displayed as tank2 
  * Fixed bug where client could crash after loading if immediately disconnected 
  * Fixed bug where texture scaling levels with non RGB textures could cause a crash 
  * Fixed bug where lots of sounds played during level load/sync 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/scorched3d4.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

