# Download: EndTask Free 1.2.19

**Short description: **

## Unique pop-up blocker, never lose good pop-ups. Works on all browsers.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/endtask_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download EndTask Free 1.2.19](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/EndTask-Free_program_11542.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The Free edition of the EndTask family is a unique pop-up blocker. Not long
after you start browsing the internet, the term "pop-up" defines itself.
YouAre at a website and another window pops up out of nowhere. Pop-ups are
usually annoying advertisements that waste a lot of your time while searching
for the close box. They can also slow your internet connection speed since the
windows have data that needs to be transmitted to you.

But... pop-ups can be desirable too. When you finally get to your favorite
site, thereA's a good chance it will use a pop-up window to present
information to you. Pop-up blockers normally block all or nothing. There is a
problem knowing when to turn them on.

EndTask Free is the next generation of pop-up blockers. Its unique design
allows the user to easily hide or show a pop-up depending on whether itA's one
they want. When a pop-up is triggered, our software automatically hides it. A
sound plays and a small notification window appears that gives information
about the pop-up. You can even take a peek at the pop-up by just hovering your
mouse over the notification. If you want the pop-up, just click on the
notification window.

The "bad" pop-ups will automatically be closed after a few seconds (no more
searching for that close box). Our unique blocking technology also works on
pop-ups that come from adware or Windows Messenger Service. EndTask Free is
simple to use and easy to install. Its design isnA't based on a specific
browser so it will work on most computers. There are no proxy servers or
plugins required. The technology is also invisible to sites that try to detect
and foil blockers. Save time and avoid frustration by installing EndTask Free
today!

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/endtask.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

