# Download: SVERDYSH BlackJack Game 7.0

**Short description: **

## A free Blackjack game that includes two winning strategies and may serve as
your personal Blackjack coach.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/svdshblckjck_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SVERDYSH BlackJack Game 7.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SVERDYSH-BlackJack-Game_program_90768.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SVERDYSH Blackjack Game v7.0 will help you progress at Blackjack as soon as
possible. Chance favors only the prepared mind! The help file provides you
with meticulous strategies and tactics. At Blackjack the player plays against
the dealer, but it does not necessarily mean that you should play alone, you
may compete with your friends; e.g. who can get greater gains for a given
period of time, say 5, 10 minutes etc. This friendly, recreational (non-
gambling!) interactive game may become an important part of the home
entertainment.  
  
The Basic Strategy is provided as well as the Alternative Strategy. So you can
compare the two strategies and accommodate them for you the way you wish. As
your skills progress, you can develop your own strategy, absorbing something
from both Strategies.  
  
There is the Notebook for you to put down your progress, scores and so on. No
strategy can guarantee that you will win every time, itAs like in say rugby or
basketball: every team has its own strategy to win, but not every team wins.  
  
Blackjack is a wonderful game developing very useful skills and features which
are necessary for any person and for any kind of activities: resilience,
composure, analyses, knowledge of the probability factors and how to use them.  
  
In particular, J. KellyAs formula of betting with prudence is known all over
the world, and you will find it in the help file of the game. Serge Sverdysh,
the developer of this BlackJack emulation, is also the author of the SVERDYSH
Accounting Program and he noticed that the reasons for failing in business and
in BlackJack are amazingly similar!  
  
The reasons for failure at Blackjack are absolutely the same as in business,
you can read them in every manual on business management: failing to keep firm
control over costs, taking unnecessary risks, lacking skills and knowledge,
indecision, loosing control over your cash flow, failure to adapt, expanding
too quickly.  
  
Finally, the software uses your default web browser, but the program is not
linked to internet whatsoever! Enjoy it.  
  
You can find more support and software by Serge Sverdysh visiting
http://www.sverdysh.4t.com

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/svdshblckjck.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

