# Download: SharePoint Alert Reminder Boost 1.1

**Short description: **

## Auto send emails to appointed users/groups or email addresses when item
changes.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/shrepntalrtremnd_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SharePoint Alert Reminder Boost 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SharePoint-Alert-Reminder-Boost_program_52795.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SharePoint2007 "Alert Me" sends email notification when list item content is
created, modified or deleted. But it is function-limited when applied in a
complex enterprise environment. For instance, if you want the assignees on a
task list get notification when they are assigned to a task, with SharePoint
"Alert Me", you have to add "Alert Me" on every single task item, and every
time when assignee changes, a modification of "Alert Me" setting is needed.

SharePoint Alert Reminder Boost resolves this problem by setting user/group
field columns as sending targets. As a result, in addition to sending emails
to specific existing SharePoint users/groups, the workflows can also send
emails to user/group field columns, including "Created By", "Modified By" etc.
inner columns and other users/groups columns like, "Manager". Furthermore,
sending targets can be email addresses,email columns, and AD users or groups
who are not in SharePoint site. For instance, in a customer issue list, if you
would like to send emails to customer when his (her) issue is solved, you
could add SharePoint Alert Boost workflow on this list and configure the
sending targets as "Customer Email" column.

If SharePoint users want to send reminder emails for upcoming deadlines,
overdue item, or change of item status, SharePoint "Alert Me" cannot provide
such function. With SharePoint Reminder Boost, these requirements can be
fulfilled.

Sending condition is much powerful with SharePoint Alert Reminder Boost. It
supports expressions using functions, operators and columns of the list.

SharePoint Alert Reminder Boost can customize email contents. Email subject
can also be customized with your own text and column placeholders.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/shrepntalrtremnd.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

