# Download: 7-Zip 9.20 / 9.32 Alpha

**Short description: **

## 7-Zip is a free zip / unzip file archiver with a high compression ratio.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/7zip_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download 7-Zip 9.20 / 9.32 Alpha](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/7-Zip_program_11874.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
  
7-Zip is a free zip program that is compatible with different file and archive
formats, including the advanced 7z compression format. People commonly
associate file compression with ZIP file format but there are actually many
other formats out there, and it is good to have a single program that can
handle most of them.

**Compatible Formats**

For compression and decompression, 7-Zip is compatible with 7z, TAR, ZIP,
BZIP2 and GZIP. The program can also unpack many other file formats, including
CAB, CPIO, ARJ, CHM, ISO, DEB, MSI, DMG, LZH, HFS, RAR, XAR, UDF, RPM, WIM, Z
AND NSIS.

The program can be used to compress many file formats, including text and
image files.

**Compression Ratio**

7-Zip generally compresses files better than other compression programs. For
example, the program compresses 65MB of such easily-packed files as DOC to
about 6MB while zipping the same files via Windows Explorer creates a zip
archive of more than 8.5MB.

However, the free zip program does not compress JPEG files as well but
remember that these files are already compressed anyway. The best compression
results are achieved when native creating 7z files.

**Features**

7-Zip has several file compression features found in other compression
utilities, including:

  * Multi-volume support 
  * Password protection 
  * Batch compression 
  * Integration with Outlook 

The program fully supports Windows Explorer, and almost all its functions can
be accessed by right-clicking files.

Although it is possible to perform batch compression and extraction using
either drag and drop or hot keys, the feature is not directly supported in the
program. Users can also create self-extracting archives when they download
necessary plugins and modules from the official website.

**Support**

While users will get limited support, this is true for most free software. Do
not expect an active customer support. However, there are relatively active
online forums and a built-in user guide.

**Conclusion**

7-Zip is a good free file archiver that can be used to compress files into
many formats and unpack even more compression formats. However, its user
interface is not the friendliest to ordinary people, especially considering
that it lacks a Wizard. It has too many options that make it more suitable for
users with some technical skills. Fortunately, many options are only available
when a user presses the F9 key.

The .7Z files can also confuse many users who may not even be aware that they
are compressed. However, the fact that the file format is not easily
recognizable has its advantages. For example, you can use it to send an
executable file as an e-mail attachment, something you cannot achieve with ZIP
files.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/7zip.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

