# Download: InnoExtractor 4.6.2.152

**Short description: **

## Unpack Inno Setup installers to explore their files without having to run
the installer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/innoextractor_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download InnoExtractor 4.6.2.152](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/InnoExtractor_program_92477.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on October 09, 2013_  
  
InnoExtractor is a lightweight but powerful tool that helps in unpacking Inno
Setup installers so their internal contents and structures can be explored.
The Inno Setup extractor uses the InnoUnp technology that allows users to
extract the contents of installers into folders, which may even be on portable
devices. This means users can explore the content without installing the
programs.

**Using InnoExtractor**

The drag and drop feature allowed us to drop required files onto the main
program window to start decompressing and extracting content. Once it had
displayed the content on the main frame, we just opened the files we wanted in
the normal way of using Windows Explorer. The program worked pleasantly fast,
and that was just one of the things we liked about it.

The speed would have made little sense if the program was complicated. The
application is so easy to use you would think it barely contains any features.
However, the truth is that it blends several features with a simple user
interface that has an intuitive layout, which is friendly to basic users. It
features menu items at the top and a grey main frame underneath where
installer contents are displayed.

At the same time, the application has some features specifically meant for
advanced users. For example, you can convert an installerAs CompiledCode.bin
file into a readable assembly code file so long as you know what you are
doing.

We had the option to save the extracted files onto a local folder on our
computer, a self-extracting module on a portable device or create a zip
package. InnoExtractor also enabled us to view the properties of password-
protected installers and even decrypt them. Other functions the application
performs include:

  * Integrating it into a shell and then emptying then application cache 
  * Disabling detection of embedded files 
  * Changing language of the user interface 

**Benefits of InnoExtractor**

  * With InnoExtractor, you can access the files of an installer even if you do not have administrative privileges allowing you to run setup on a system. 
  * Bypassing the installer enables you to use a program that ordinarily installs different applications you do not want. 
  * The program can be used for various applications, including forensic studies. 
  * It is a lightweight program that uses minimal system resources; hence it does not interfere with the performance of a computer. 

Please note that this application is an Inno Setup extractor, which means you
can only use it with Inno Setup based installers. It is suitable for Inno
Setup users, installers, reverse engineers, developers and anyone interested
in learning more about software.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/innoextractor.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

