# Download: lARP64Free 1.0.1

**Short description: **

## lARP64Free 64 bit software compressor program.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/larp64_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download lARP64Free 1.0.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/LARP64Free_program_48214.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

lARP64Free, that means the superfast 64 bit compression program, based on LZMA
compression technology.

This freeware edition was specifically designed to be superfast and reliable.
Our 64 bit compressor (packer) works on any windows x64 operating system.
Download lARP64Free today and it will make your productsA' internet download
times a lot faster. The implemented compression will reduce the overall size
of the target with up to 70%.

lARP64A'ing does not affect the original applicationA's functionality in any
way nor does it require additional coding. Unpacking and decryption are
performed automatically. This whole process is not noticed by the packed
(compressed) application. Also, packed programs run without extracting files
to disk.

lARP64Free compresses and encrypts all native 64 bit executables or dynamic
link library files. Although lARP64Free is primarily meant for developers, it
has been a special concern to provide an extremely easy tool in its handling.
It suffices to click a couple buttons to lARP64Free an executable or dynamic
link library. Also, you will be surprised by the speed of compressing! Indeed,
lARP64Free works at lightning speed and the act of compression is almost
instantly! If you are in software development, you simply need to compress (or
even better to protect) your programs.

lARP64Free is developed as a pure 64 bit application compressor without any
specific defenses against fraudulent use of the compressed file. So, do not
confuse this freeware version with its professional counterpart and remark
that in case of shareware or need for protection, there is lARP64Pro
(Professional). It is based on the same principles as the freeware version but
offers so much more when software security is needed! however, lARP64Free is
great x64 software to reduce download times on internet if there is no need
for software protection.

Requires: [Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0](http://www.freewarefiles.com
/Microsoft-NET-Framework-20-x86-Final_program_16026.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/larp64.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

