# Download: Discipling 101

**Short description: **

## Everything you need to facilitate a short course designed to make
disciples.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/discipling101_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Discipling 101](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Discipling-101_program_54070.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Discipling 101 is an ideal follow-up to any Church event where people have had
an AExperienceA. It facilitates a journey of personal discovery (within the
boundaries of biblical truths), develops relationships and connects people
with established Christians.

Groups are initiated by discussion facilitators rather than teachers. This
innovative program incorporates the latest in A'active engagementA'
educational methods.

The Discipling 101 program has been produced to train and resource
facilitators of Christianity 101 groups and includes everything you need to
get started.

This program installs to a desktop icon for easy reference and is compiled in
an easy to use format which is ideal for personal, home or group study.

**Christianity 101 Sections are:**

  * Who is Jesus? 
  * Discovering The Real Me. 
  * Living Every Day With God. 
  * Discovering God In Church. 
  * Reaching Out With Jesus. 

The program also includes a A'Print ShopA' PDF file of the complete program in
book form. This is ideal for distribution in places where PCA's are not
available.

Christianity 101 is the first section of the A'Power ProgramA'
www.thepowerprogram.org and is a Gospel based, non-denominational way to
introduce all of the key concepts of the Christian message (To believers and
non-believers alike).

The Discipling 101 ProgramAs principles underpin the small group process of:

  * Engaging people where they are at, according to their culture. 
  * Establishing the foundations of Christianity. 
  * Equipping believers to explain their faith to others. 
  * Empowering all believers to disciple. 

The understanding and experience gained through actively participating in
group discussions provide individuals with the tools and confidence to share
their faith.

A safe place for friendship and fellowship is created as each participant is
given the opportunity to openly share their feelings, thoughts, ideas and
beliefs concerning the questions relating to Faith. This gives the facilitator
an insight into each group memberAs current perceptions.

The participant, in the privacy of their own home, then interacts with the
lesson material under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, thus developing their
own personal relationship with Jesus. Personal revelations and questions
arising from the studies then form the basis of discussion for the next group
get-together.

There is no right or wrong way to use this resource. Group facilitators do not
need to be teachers or leaders. They simply organise a venue to meet, invite
some people along, point them towards the program download and facilitate the
journey.

Engaging - Establishing - Equipping - Empowering Disciples

To go into all the world and MAKE DISCIPLES A. Matthew 28:19

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/discipling101.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

