# Download: Baidu PC Faster 4.0.3.63819

**Short description: **

## A free system tool to tweak, secure and speed up your computer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/baidupcfaster_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Baidu PC Faster 4.0.3.63819](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Baidu-PC-Faster_program_87281.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on May 20, 2013_  
  
Baidu PC Faster is a powerful PC optimizer that provides a complete set of
tools to ensure computer systems function at their optimum levels. The program
boosts speed by solving system problems and removing clutter and various speed
obstructions. It also enhances PC security by removing vulnerabilities that
can be fixed online such as Windows updates. Since a computer using Baidu is
always up to date, the program protects against all potential new threats.

Baidu PC faster provides a wide range of features, including:

  * Windows update 
  * SpeedUp 
  * Health check 
  * Cleaner 
  * Toolbox 
  * Cloud security 
  * Game faster 
  * PC app store 

**Test Run**

Baidu PC Faster has a friendly user interface, not just because of the fact
that itAs colorful but also because it organizes the large collection of
features and tools thoughtfully. The home screen gave us an initial assessment
of the status of our PC, a quick care button that we used to scan our system
right away and links to different sections and tools of the program.

The quick scan feature provides three modules: System Check, Cleaner and
Speed. We used System Check to find out any possible problems with our system
checkings and went even deeper into category view. We then disabled some
programs using SpeedUp to improve startup times. We also scanned for junk and
temporary files using Cleaner, which provided a one click clean process.

Cleaner provided us with the option to configure the areas of our system we
wanted to scan more deeply. We noticed that Quick Scan bypassed some areas,
and this feature allowed us to check them more thoroughly. Under the SpeedUp
feature, we switched to the startup item tabs and boot time manager for a
better analysis of our findings. Although the program provides recommendations
about items that may be disabled and those that should be left active, we
recommend that only advanced users change these settings.

The Toolbox is just as its name suggests because it gives access to a range of
tools for various uses, including privacy cleaner, programs manager, Internet
speed test and repair of Flash Player installation, file shredder and LSP
connections to enhance PC security.

We were pleased that the Win Update section did not recommend that we install
every available patch. In addition to showing high-risk patches, Baidu also
showed us non-recommended patches and optional ones.

CloudScan provided faster and deeper scanning modes for scanning startup
items, running programs, common software, various disk files and system
settings. We were able to continue using our computer without any problems
while the scanning process was ongoing.

**Conclusion**

Baidu PC Faster is an effective PC optimizer that will not fill your system
with bloat-ware although it comes with a wide range of features and tools. It
is ideal for both seasoned and new users. Although the program generally
provides recommendations about its various functions, always ensure that you
only change what you know to avoid messing your system.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/baidupcfaster.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

