# Download: Razer Game Booster 4.2.45.0

**Short description: **

## Optimize your computer to improve your gaming experience.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/razergamebooster_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Razer Game Booster 4.2.45.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Razer-Game-Booster_program_93191.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on October 29, 2013_  
  
Are you sometimes frustrated by the way some games run on your computer? For
example, do you need to lower your game settings to play some games? Then you
should consider Razer Game Booster. This PC optimizer shuts down system
processes and services that are not associated with the resource-hungry game
you are playing. You will no longer have to bother about knowing the best game
configurations because you will enjoy your games the way they are designed to
be played.

**Features**

**Boost Computer Performance:** Razer Game Booster temporarily shuts down unnecessary applications and functions to release PC resources to the game played. This helps to maximize frames per second.

**Maintain PC:** The program enables users to update outdated drivers, defragment game directories and make other tweaks. The "Tweak" tool automatically analyzes the computer and enhances configurations for the best performance.

**Take Screenshots and Videos:** Razer Game Booster gives you the opportunity to record a video of your favorite game or take screenshots of sections you are interested in.

**Other functions include:**

  * Cleaning RAM 
  * Intensifying processor performance 
  * Downloading important gaming tools 
  * Updating hardware drivers 

**Using Razer Game Booster**

The basic user interface of Razer Game Booster gave us a list of 24
noncritical processes we could shut down when playing games. We could select
specific processes we wanted the program to shut down.

We enjoyed the one-click function of the PC optimizer. Shutting down unwanted
functions required just a single mouse click. It also allowed us to upgrade
outdated drivers by clicking on the "Drivers" tab. The program scanned our
system quickly and showed us the components we needed to update.

The "Gallery" feature allowed us to hone our creative skills by recording
realtime video and audio. You can use this handy feature to perform different
things, including creating tutorials. You can even share your best gaming
moments with your friends.

We set up the keys we wanted to use to record videos and take screenshots,
which were of high quality. We gave our games a new lease on life by
defragmenting their directories so they could run faster.

**Pros**

  * Sleek design 
  * Simple user interface 
  * Fast boosting and unboosting of games 
  * Extra features 

**Cons**

  * Slow start-up 
  * Selecting processes to shut down requires good computer knowledge 

Razer Game Booster is a powerful PC optimizer that helps to boost computer
performance for better gameplay. There was a marked improvement when we played
games using the programAs "Game Mode". It is especially ideal for laptop
systems.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/razergamebooster.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

