# Download: TweakPrefetch 5.3.1.3

**Short description: **

## A utility capable of managing fetching in Windows XP, Vista and 7.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tweakprefetch_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download TweakPrefetch 5.3.1.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/TweakPrefetch_program_54003.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

TweakPrefetch is a utility coded in VB.net capable of managing fetching in
Windows XP, Vista and 7. It allows the user to set separate parameters for
Prefetch and Superfetch. The available options are:

  * Disabled: completely disables fetching. "Superfetch" service is disabled. 
  * Applications Only: fetching will only be applied to user started applications. 
  * Boot Only: fetching will only be applied to boot files (system files, services and startup programs). 
  * Applications & Boot: fetching will be applied to both applications and boot files (Windows default setting for Prefetch and Superfetch). 

Moreover, "Clear Prefetch" function is included: it will empty the Prefetch
folder, forcing the operative system to rebuild fetch data (or not to create
them at all if Prefetch has been disabled). Note: emptying the
Windows/Prefetch folder is not recommended and will cause a temporary
performance drop in applications startup time. I added this function to allow
advanced users to reset Prefetch data in case it might be necessary.

If you notice that Windows wonA't rebuild the "Layout.ini" file after you have
cleaned the Prefetch folder, or maybe you just want to update it to your
latest startup configuration, you can force the process using the "Rebuild
Layout.ini" function in the "Options" menu.

TweakPrefetch will also detect wrong parameters for Prefetch and Superfetch,
and will let the user fix them with a single click.

Prefetching in Windows XP is better left at its default value for the 99% of
the users. However, someone prefers to set it to "Boot Only", in order to
benefit from fetching only at boot time.

For what concerns Windows Vista and Windows 7, default settings are still
recommended for most users (especially for who doesnA't use the PC for
gaming). Advanced users and gamers might want to disable Superfetch (to obtain
an XP-like fetching, reduce hard disk trashing and prevent this function to
interfere with games) or set it to "Boot Only" at least. Obviously, itA's up
to the users to experiment different settings and tweak fetching at their
advantage.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tweakprefetch.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

