# Download: Wise PC 1stAid 1.35.56

**Short description: **

## Automatically repair the most common PC problems.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wisepc1staid_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Wise PC 1stAid 1.35.56](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Wise-PC-1stAid_program_90081.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
A _Reviewed on July 30, 2013_  
  
You will need to fix computer problems at some point whether you are using a
new or old system. It is therefore a good idea for you to arm yourself with an
effective tool for fixing the problems before they get out of hand. Wise PC
1stAid is the right tool for repairing most common problems, including desktop
icon errors, Internet access problems, Regedit or Task Manager Access
restrictions. It is actually a suite of tools meant to repair different PC
errors.

**Features:**

  * Simple matching of problems 
  * Intelligent, fast and automatic fix 
  * Active, timely and unlimited enrichment 
  * Unlimited technical support 
  * Free 

**Installing Wise PC 1stAid**

The program installs fast and easily and provides the option to download more
free software upon clicking the Finish button. You can simply remove the tick
if you do not want to do this but then you will be unable to use some of its
features.

**Using Wise PC 1stAid**

The program window displays a number of common PC problems and provides a link
to its forum that you can click if you do not find a solution to your problem.

Clicking on any problem took us to the right tool for fixing related issues.
The next window displayed the effects associated with the concerned problem
and what the application would do to repair PC errors. There was also a link
for reading related tutorials for more information. The program gave us the
opportunity to make an informed decision because we would know what to expect
before fixing anything.

Wise PC 1stAid fixes computer problems and then displays a page asking whether
the problems have been solved successfully or not. Clicking the ASolvedA
button takes you to a page congratulating you for fixing the problems while
ANoA button takes you to a page where you describe the problem and submit it
to the official tech forum to get help. The Menu button basically provides
links to the WiseCleaner website.

When you fix some computer problems, you must reboot your computer for the
changes to take effect. Since this is a suite of multiple applications, it
required us to install some programs from WiseCleaner before fixing some
problems.

**Pros**

  * Quick installation 
  * Simple user interface that only requires reading and clicking 
  * Ability to fix different computer problems 

**Cons**

  * Does not seem to detect some related applications 

**Conclusion**

Wise PC 1stAid can help you repair PC errors in a few, simple steps even if
you donAt have technical knowledge.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wisepc1staid.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

