# Download: Microsoft Visio 2007 Viewer

**Short description: **

## View Visio drawings and diagrams inside Microsoft Internet Explorer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Microsoft Visio 2007 Viewer](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Microsoft-Visio-Viewer_program_24405.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The Visio 2007 Viewer allows anyone to view Visio drawings and diagrams
(created with Visio 5.0, 2000, 2002, 2003, or 2007) inside their Internet
Explorer version 5.0 or later Web browser.

Visio users can freely distribute Visio drawings and diagrams to team members,
partners, customers, or others, even if the recipients do not have Visio
installed on their computers. Internet Explorer also allows for printing,
although this is limited to the portion of the drawing displayed.

The Visio 2007 Viewer enables users to discover the advantages of using Visio
drawings, charts, and illustrations in a Web-based environment. The Visio 2007
Viewer is particularly useful for teams that need to collaborate from
different locations.

Viewing Visio drawings is as simple as double-clicking the drawing (files with
the .VSD, .VSS, .VST, .VDX, .VSX, or .VTX extension) in Windows File Explorer.
Internet Explorer will open, and the Visio 2007 Viewer will render the drawing
in the browser window. You can then pan and zoom in the drawing window by
using toolbar buttons, keyboard shortcuts, or menu items in the right-click
menu. Also, you can see properties on any shape by opening the Properties and
Settings dialog box and then selecting a shape. Some rendering and display
settings are available in the Display Settings tab of the Properties and
Settings dialog box. Additionally, drawing-layer visibility and colors can be
set in the Layer Settings tab, and annotation visibility and colors can be set
in the Markup Settings tab.

**Notes:**

  * Both Visio Binary (.VSD) and XML (.VDX) files are supported. 
  * The Visio 2007 Viewer is implemented as an ActiveX control that loads and renders Visio drawings inside Internet Explorer. 
  * Windows XP or later operating system is required for Ink support. Objects created with the Ink tool in Visio will not display on Windows 2000. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

