# Download: PBXware 2.0

**Short description: **

## A scalable PBX solution featuring a range of traditional telephony and
emerging VOIP technologies.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pbxsoho_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PBXware 2.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PBXware_program_27763.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Bicom Systems releases new version of PBXware v2.0

LONDON, UK (13th July 2007) - Bicom Systems announced today it has released a
new version of its most complete IPPBX solution to date, PBXware version 2.0.

"We have been working over the past 14 months to create the most advanced and
yet simple to use version of PBXware, listening to our customersA'
requirements and adding our own ideas. Version 2.0 introduces many new
features and functions making install and use of PBXware even easier. Some of
new features are:

  * Extreme real time queue statistics 
  * Comprehensive real time agent monitoring 
  * Fax over IP support (FoIP) 
  * Instant messaging support 
  * Static and real time operation mode (clustering) 
  * mISDN support 
  * Auto configuration of phones with network search 
For full details please visit our release history. I would like to thank all
Bicom Systems staff and our partners for their hard work, dedication and
patience in producing this version of PBXware. In addition, we have decided to
offer 4 user SOHO edition completely FREE delivered in CD, tarball or virtual
machine. ," said Senad Jordanovic at Bicom Systems Ltd.

For full details on Bicom Systems products please
http://www.bicomsystems.com/.

About Bicom Systems  
Bicom Systems is a provider of PBX and soft switch turn key solutions with a
presence in the United States and the European Union and supported by a
network of resellers across the world. Its solutions allow easy deployment,
maintenance and control of a wide range of telephony solutions. The company
leads the industry in providing the most integrated, ready to deploy, feature
packed Telephony Solutions for creating PBXs and BROADBAND PHONE COMPANIES.
For more information about Bicom Systems, please visit
http://www.bicomsystems.com/. For more information, please contact:

Senad Jordanovic  
+44-20-7043-3488  
senad@bicomsystems.com

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pbxsoho.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

