# Download: SSuite OmegaOffice HD+ 2.10

**Short description: **

## A professional office suite for HD+ monitors.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ssuiteomega_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SSuite OmegaOffice HD+ 2.10](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/OmegaOffice-HD_program_75630.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

This office suite was created for the professional and discerning computer
user. The application interfaces have been enlarged to view the functions,
features, and menu structures for better user-interaction on Full HD or larger
monitors.

This office suite introduces some new innovative concepts in interface design
and user-friendly application interaction. You also donA't even have a need
for .NET or even JAVA to be installed. This will save you a lot of hard drive
space and precious computer resources.

The tabbed document interfaces also make it easier to find your opened
documents with a single view. The thumbnail previews enhances the user-
interaction further by displaying the whole document layout, whether you are
creating pdfA's, image documents, or simply displaying the print preview as
you create your important document, thesis, letter, or birthday card.

**WordGraph word processor:**

A number of available features give you a fine degree of control over the
formatting of text, pages, sections of documents, and also entire documents in
WordGraph. You may also save your documents in a variety of industry standard
formats and even export them to pdf, jpg, bmp, png, gif, and our own
presentation format ssp. Document compatibility with MS Office, OpenOffice,
and StarOffice - { rtf, doc, txt, xls }

Create PDFs without any additional software. Use the built-in PDF capabilities
of WordGraph to share your work easily and with everyone! Adobe Acrobat is NOT
required to create these handy files. Now, itA's easy to turn your Word
documents, rich text, and presentations files into PDFs.

Designed to give you the finest document-formatting tools, WordGraph helps you
organize and write your documents more efficiently and much faster with the
help of our new and more colourful interfaces that are no more than three-
levels deep.

WordGraph is everything you would expect from a professional word processing
application. It is fast, reliable, pleasant to the eyes and senses, simply
everything you need to manage your everyday correspondence. Useful features
and functions assist you in writing serial letters, printing envelopes, or
even help in finding spelling mistakes in several different languages{seven
dictionaries included - American, British, Dutch, French, German, Italian, and
Spanish}.

**Accel Spreadsheet:**

Use the chart wizard in Accel to select from eight or more categories of 2-D
and 3-D charts including line, area, column, pie, XY, stock and with dozens of
variants. Whether you are producing financial reports or managing personal
expenses, Accel gives you more efficiency and flexibility to accomplish your
goals.

With a few mouse-clicks, you can reorganize your spreadsheet to show or hide
certain data ranges, or to format ranges according to special conditions, or
to quickly calculate subtotals and totals. Accel lets you present spreadsheet
data in dynamic charts that update automatically when the data changes.
Document compatibility with MS Office, OpenOffice, and StarOffice - { vts,
txt, xls, csv }

**Installation Instructions:**

  * Before running any software applications, please read the "Read Me" document first! 
  * Right-click on the install file and select "Run as Administrator" - {Only for Windows Vista / 7 / 8 / 9} 

**No Java or .NET required, Green Energy Software!**

**Special Features:**

  * Custom auto fill lists 
  * Multi-Display compatible 
  * Tabbed Document Interfaces 
  * Custom Text and Phrases lists 
  * Create WordArt and Math Equations / Expressions in WordGraph 
  * Create custom templates and add them to the "Template Library" 
  * Export your documents to PDF, PNG, GIF, JPG, BMP, EMF, TIFF and SSP 
  * Create presentations in WordGraph - {Viewable in any web browser and EZPhoto album viewer} 

**OmegaOffice HD+ consists of the following applications:**

  * NetSurfer HD 
  * WordGraph HD 
  * EZPhoto Editor HD 
  * Accel Spreadsheet HD 
  * Year and Day Planner HD 

**Bonus applications:**

  * Tetris 2D 
  * CleverNote PIM 
  * Envelope Printer 
  * EZPhoto Album and Presentation Viewer 

**Minimum System Requirements:**

  * 1920 x 1080 HD+ 
  * Windows NT / 2000 / XP / Vista / 7 / 8 / 9 - 32 bit and 64 bit 

**WhatA's New in version 2.10:**

  * Network p2p Video phone added. 
  * New start menu for faster access to documents and applications. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ssuiteomega.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

