# Download: Microsoft Robotics Studio 1.5

**Short description: **

## Supplies a software platform for the robotics community.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Microsoft Robotics Studio 1.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Microsoft-Robotics-Studio_program_21275.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The goal of the Microsoft Robotics Studio is to supply a software platform for
the robotics community that can be used across a wide variety of hardware,
applicable to a wide audience of users, and development of a wide variety of
applications. As a platform, our intent is also to enable a third parties to
supply support for new hardware, technologies, and tools, just as Microsoft
Windows provides a platform for others to bring their products and
technologies to the community of PC users. So while we may populate our
platform with some of our own contributions, those should not be considered
exclusive to tools or libraries provided by other parties looking to provide
interesting technologies for this platform.

The Microsoft Robotics Studio delivers three areas of software:

  * A scalable, extensible runtime architecture that can span a wide variety of hardware and devices. The programming interface can be used to address robots using 8-bit or 16-bit processors as well as 32-bit systems with multi-core processors and devices from simple touch sensors to laser distance finding devices. 
  * A set of useful tools that make programming and debugging robot applications scenarios easier. These include a high quality visual simulation environment that uses the Ageia TechnologiesA PhysXA engine. 
  * A set of useful technology libraries services samples to help developers get started with writing robot applications. 

While our development environment runs on Windows XP and Windows Server 2003
R2, it can be used to support not only robots that support Windows, but also
robots that can operate as clients to a PC running Windows. We provide
information that can be used by hardware or software vendors to make their
products compatible with our development platform.

We are pleased to present our community technical preview (CTP). As a preview
this represents an early release not yet intended for commercial use, however,
it should enable you to try out and see what we are working on. Similarly,
this CTP does not include all the components we hope to deliver, so there may
be subsequent updates we provide. Also as a preview, some of what here may be
subject to change before commercial release.

Requires [Microsoft .NET Framework
2.0](http://www.freewarefiles.com/program_10_108_16026.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

