# Download: Open ModelSphere 3.0

**Short description: **

## Business Process - Data - UML Modeling.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/openmodelshpere_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Open ModelSphere 3.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Open-ModelSphere_program_45579.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Open ModelSphere is a powerful data, process and UML modeling tool. Open
ModelSphere covers conceptual and logical data modeling as well as physical
design. It supports several notations, e.g. Entity-Relationship, DATARUN and
Information Engineering. Conceptual models can be converted to relational
models and vice versa.

Thanks to its reverse engineering capabilities, Open ModelSphere allows
graphical visualization of your relational databaseA's architecture, thus
making modifications easy. As a complete data modeling tool, it allows the
generation of SQL scripts from your model as well. It can also generate SQL
script enabling you to synchronize your existing database with the model that
you modified. Open ModelSphere supports all the database management systems in
a generic manner. For some of them, like Oracle, Informix and DB2, Grandite
also offers plug-ins, specific to the various concepts.

Open ModelSphere also includes expert modules to validate the integrity of
your architecture and the coherence of what you established (meeting the
requirements of each DBMS). This validation expertise will help you save
research time among the multitude of restrictions that exists in each
management system.

Open ModelSphere also helps systems analysts to integrate the creation of data
flow and business process diagrams and to elaborate an enterpriseA's workflow
and logistics. You can specify resources, transactions, communicational
exchanges, cost calculated in time, money and effort, etc. Open ModelSphere is
not restricted to business process modeling, but also allows you to set up the
technical design at the application system level.

Open ModelSphere supports you to schematize the various processesA' details in
a hierarchical manner, thus enabling you to decompose a process in
subprocesses. This way, it is easy to keep an overview, while having access to
a very detailed view of the processes. When setting the data flow diagram, it
becomes easier to design a relational database that meets the companyA's
needs, hence avoiding loss of time and money.

Last, but not least - Open ModelSphere provides the functionality of a rich
UML modeling tool / software. You can create Activity, Class, Collaboration,
Component, Deployment, Package, Sequence, Statechart and Use Case diagrams.
With respect to the coexistence of relational and object-oriented approaches,
class models can be linked to data models. Moreover, class models can be
generated from data models and vice versa.

Requires Java Runtime Environment. [Get It
Here](http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/openmodelshpere.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

