# Download: KeePass Password Safe 2.26

**Short description: **

## Manage your passwords in a secure way.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/keepasssafe_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download KeePass Password Safe 2.26](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/KeePass-Password-Safe_program_13620.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on May 15, 2013_  
  
Online password security is a serious issue that should not be taken for
granted. You need to choose strong passwords that combine numbers and letters,
both lower and upper case. You should also maintain a different password for
each online account you have. However, managing all these passwords can prove
challenging if you want to remember all of them and maintain your security.
With KeePass, you only need to choose one strong master key to manage all your
passwords in a single database. This free password manager takes a different
approach than many password managers in the market, which capture and replay
credentials. However, the program can log into websites and handle application
passwords.

When you initially create a database of passwords, you may use a specific file
as your encryption key or create a strong master password. You may also use
both options for even better security. Other interesting features include:

  * No need of installation ([portable version](http://www.freewarefiles.com/KeePass-Password-Safe-Portable_program_27826.html)) 
  * Easy transfer of databases 
  * Search and sort 
  * Entry Attachments and Entry Fields 
  * Compatible with Password Groups 
  * Import from many file formats 
  * Export to different file formats, including XML, CSV, HTML and TXT 
  * Plugin Architecture 
  * Random password generator 
  * Drag and drop 
  * Auto type 

KeePass uses a 256-bit secure one-way encryption algorithm known as SHA-256.
No attacks have yet been reported about this algorithm. The program encrypts
the whole database unlike other managers that only encrypt password fields.

**How KeePass Works**

We liked the portability of this free password manager, which allowed us to
keep it on a USB drive that we could use on different computers. DonAt worry
if you do not intend to use the software on any other computer because you can
lock your database to your active Windows account.

There is still concern about different tracking tools, particularly
keyloggers, in spite of the use of password managers. Fortunately, KeePass has
a secure desktop option that suppresses other processes when it displays the
master key entry dialog. It also makes it difficult for keyloggers to follow
whatAs typed by automatically pasting passwords using clipboard obfuscation
and virtual keystrokes.

Since we have been using other password managers, we were pleased that KeePass
could import from more than 30 password managers. In addition, the software
allowed us to indirectly import from incompatible managers by exporting to a
compatible file format and then importing the file to KeePass. If you choose
this option, you must securely delete the file afterward to maintain your
security.

We also used the programAs password generator to create a very strong password
that no one could possibly guess.

**Pros**

  * Ability to import from many other tools 
  * Ability to handle non-standard login sequences 
  * Multi-factor authentication 
  * Generating strong passwords 
  * Protection against keyloggers 
  * Multi-level grouping of entries 
  * Support for plugins 

**Cons**

  * Too many settings 
  * Manual programming of non-standard login sequences 

**Verdict**

If you like programs that work automatically, then donAt choose KeePass.
However, if you like to have complete control of settings, then this is a
great password manager for you.

Although KeePass is officially designed for Windows, there are versions for
Mac OS X, Linux, iOS and Android.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/keepasssafe.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

