# Download: ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus 4.0

**Short description: **

## Web based service to allow end users to self reset passwords, unlock
accounts and update personal information on Active Directory.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/meadserviceplus_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus 4.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ManageEngine-ADSelfService-Plus_program_39332.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus is a secure, web-based end-user password reset
program for domain users perform self-password reset, self-account unlock and
self update of personal details in Active Directory. Thus it helps in a large
scale to eliminate a leading source of help desk calls and associated expenses
by automating password resets and account unlocks thereby optimizing employee
productivity. The end users can reset password on their own and also update
their personal details in Active Directory with ease.

The software provides a detailed Audit Report on all changes done with it,
which addresses the compliance and audit needs of organizations. An enrollment
process ensures security of password resets by mandating users to answer self
set validation questionnaire, reports on enrollment further enhances the
process.

The password reset end user software also provides reports on account status
and password status of users in the form of comprehensive account status
reports. Reports can be scheduled regularly and email notifications can be
automatically send to users whose passwords are soon to expire.

The product ensures the identity of a user while password resets with security
question and answer settings. Thus ADSelfService Plus benefits (a) the end
users increasing productivity, by eliminating frustrating time delays, (b)
help desk technicians with reduced workload and tickets on password reset and
(c) the administrator ensuring compliance, security and efficiency in managing
the domain network resources.

The download file is the same for Free and Standard Editions. When you install
the product, the Free Edition is installed and only 50 Domain users can have
access to the web based console to self reset password, unlock their own
accounts or self update personal information.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/meadserviceplus.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

