# Download: Password Corral v4.0.4.154

**Short description: **

## A free password manager that includes strong encyption, clean interface,
more.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/passwordcorral_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Password Corral v4.0.4.154](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Password-Corral-V_program_27615.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Password Corral is a freeware password manager. The program features a clean,
easy to use interface, strong encryption and all the features you would expect
from a program youA'd have to pay for.

Password Corral uses Blowfish or Diamond2 encryption to encrypt all the
information you store in the program, keeping it safe from prying eyes. Each
password can have both a short description and comments which can also contain
hyperlinks to launch your web browser. Each password entry can also have an
expiration date to remind you to change the password. The program can be set
to time out to the Windows system tray area after a specified period of system
inactivity and be protected by your master password, so even if you forget to
close Password Corral and walk away from your PC, your password information
can still be protected.

The program is customizable, allowing you to display your password information
unencrypted on the screen, change the display fonts and hyperlink color and
modify many of the security aspects of the program. You can export your
password data in an encrypted (or unencrypted) format to keep a safe backup of
your data or to transfer your passwords to another PC. Best of all Password
Corral features a clean, easy to use, standard Windows interface - no wild
icons or weird dialog boxes - youA'll be up and running as soon as you start
the program!

**Features:**

  * Clean, easy to use, standard Windows interface 
  * Secure Blowfish or Diamond2 encryption 
  * Multiple password accounts on a single PC 
  * Create detailed descriptions, usernames, URL, e-mail and comments for each password entry 
  * Group password data into custom groups you define 
  * Customizable random password generator 
  * Hyperlinks in the comments field will launch your web browser 
  * Password expiration notices 
  * Create encrypted export files of your password data for backup or import to another PC 
  * Customizable "time-out" feature to secure the program and your data after a period of system inactivity 
  * Print hard copies of your password information 
  * Many Customizable interface elements and security parameters 
  * Full on-line and "WhatA's This?" help 
No installation necessary. Simply unzip to a directory and run.

**What's New in version 4.0.4.154:**

  * A New plain text CSV export option has been added. Note that you CANNOT import a CSV file back into Password Corral. You must still use one of the encrypted export options if you plan on importing the data back into Password Corral. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/passwordcorral.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

