# Download: PaGoDump for PostgreSQL 9.3.4

**Short description: **

## Windows GUI dump tool with support of UNICODE.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pagodump_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PaGoDump for PostgreSQL 9.3.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PaGoDump-for-PostgreSQL_program_46909.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

PaGoDump is a GUI Windows utility for backing up a PostgreSQL database built
with Microolap PostgresDAC. It makes consistent backups even if the database
is being used concurrently. PaGoDump does not block other users accessing the
database (readers or writers), also it works with databases with any names
(unicode) and dump them to any files (unicode again).

Dumps can be output in script or archive file formats. Script dumps are plain-
text files containing the SQL commands required to reconstruct the database to
the state it was in at the time it was saved. To restore from such a script,
feed it to psql. Script files can be used to reconstruct the database even on
other machines and other architectures; with some modifications even on other
SQL database products.

The alternative archive file formats must be used with pg_restore to rebuild
the database. They allow pg_restore to be selective about what is restored, or
even to reorder the items prior to being restored. The archive file formats
are designed to be portable across architectures.

When used with one of the archive file formats and combined with pg_restore,
PaGoDump provides a flexible archival and transfer mechanism. PaGoDump can be
used to backup an entire database, then pg_restore can be used to examine the
archive and/or select which parts of the database are to be restored. The most
flexible output file format is the "COMPRESS" format. It allows for selection
and reordering of all archived items, and is compressed by default. The TAR
format is not compressed and it is not possible to reorder data when loading,
but it is otherwise quite flexible; moreover, it can be manipulated with
standard Unix tools such as tar.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pagodump.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

