# Download: AlcoVol 1.1

**Short description: **

## A graphical, interactive, fluid volumes conversion and display utilility.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/AlcoVolFace_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download AlcoVol 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/AlcoVol_program_19207.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

AlcoVol is a graphical, interactive, fluid volumes conversion and display
utility. The User Interface is in the form of an attractive A'panel-mountedA'
flask - with scrolling units lists and controls adjacent to it.

AlcoVolA's database includes all the major fluid volumes in use throughout the
world today (including kitchen measures such as cups, tablespoons, teaspoons,
dash etc), key historical and superseded units and the most extensive list of
alcohol volume units available.

This makes AlcoVol of value not only to producers and distributors of
beverages, but travelling consumers, liquor journalists, wine connoisserus,
beer buffs and A'libation fansA' will also find it very handy. Other features
include the ability to order units lists alphabetically, according to metric
units first, UK and US units first, or Australian units first. You can also
instantly swap A'fromA' and A'toA' units.

Predictive search on units lists - instead of A'scrolling and clickingA' on
units, you can type out units in the textboxes above the lists and as you do
so, AlcoVolA's lists automatically scroll to the A'best matchingA' units in
the database - based on each letter you type.

Instantaneous conversions - as you click on a unit, type out a unit or type
out a value, the conversion result immediately gets displayed numerically in a
textbox and also graphically on AlcoVolA's A'flaskA' - the flaskA's scales and
range automatically adjust to the values to be displayed. Graphical
interactivity - you can physically drag the fluid level in the A'flaskA' up or
down and the corresponding A'fromA' and A'toA' values scroll with the
movement.

The color and appearance of the fluid in the A'flaskA' can be adjusted.
Conversion reports - You can choose which conversions to save, and when
youA're done, pressing A'Make FileA' results in a CSV textfile of your chosen
conversions being produced (which you can easily import into say, a
spreadsheet).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/AlcoVolFace.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

