# Download: Developer Tool Marketplace News Screensaver v1.0

**Short description: **

## Find out about the latest software components and custom controls.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/DevDirect_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Developer Tool Marketplace News Screensaver v1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Developer-Tool-Marketplace-News-Screensaver-V_program_14361.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Find out about the latest software components and custom controls as they
become available using Dev DirectA's Developer Tool Marketplace News screen
saver. Essential for all .Net, Java, ActiveX/COM, C/C++ and Delphi
programmers. Every day software publishers release brand new developer tools
along with updates to their existing tools and software components. The
Developer Tool Marketplace News screen saver connects you with an RSS news
feed from Dev Direct - the worldA's largest specialist marketplace for
developer tools and software components - so that you can keep track of who
has released what from day to day.

This is an essential tool for software developers that use custom controls,
software components, code generators and other productivity tools to deliver
their development projects faster, better and cheaper. Keep track of over 150
types of products including grid controls, tab controls, charting and graphing
components, email components, data encryption components, user interface
suites and many more! Dev Direct provides an authoritative and up-to-date
catalog of 1000A's of developer tools and software components. The products
that it lists can help to reduce delivery times, improve quality and cut
costs. www.devdirect.com is dedicated to mapping the entire market for
developer products to ensure that our customers get the best tools for the
job, every time. Its online directory enables software developers to quickly
and accurately find the right products for their projects, and buy them from
the publisher.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/DevDirect.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

