# Download: fileXfer

**Short description: **

## Secure Remote machine access for files, registry, processes, services.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/fileXfer_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download fileXfer](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/FileXfer_program_18084.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Remote machine access for files, registry, processes, services. All commands
are scriptable. A script may be run to change remote machines or read the
system values. Full control of process and services. Kill, Launch, Stop,
Start, and remotely reboot. Modify service binary locations that Windows does
not allow, kill process that task manager will not, full graphical registry
control similiar to regedit, Drag and drop Replication allows you to drop a
file to many machines in a single mouse operation. Security is of heavy focus.
All data that moves over the network is both encrypted and compressed, the
transactions are sequenced so record and playback attacks are not possible,
and connection hijacking cannot be done.

The connection model is peer to peer and allows for routing of connections,
for example FTP only allows file access to a single machine, fileXfer allows
you to reach any machine on the network and the machines do not need to be
directly on the internet if they can contact an other machine that is, much
like an HTTP proxy but for complete machine control not just HTML content.
Freeware, no nag screens, never expires, no ads, not crippled.

Supports 10 connections and 3 proxy routes to reach other machines deeper in
the network. The server is only 316kb and may run as a Windows service
(NT,2K,XP) or run in the windows tray next to the clock on your Start bar in
(95 98 ME NT 2K XP). Very Stable first released in early 2002 used for all web
server administration at United Business Technologies and to reach machines
that were not reachable prior to new TCP routing technology released and
explained in detail on the home page.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/fileXfer.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

