# Download: SL-Zone

**Short description: **

## Create the set of applications accessible for a user.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SL-Zone](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SL-Zone_program_1710.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SL-Zone protects your computer from malicious intent of a user itself as well
as from his unskilled actions which may be more harmful than any malicious
intents. With the help of the ASL-ZoneA program it is possible to set a suite
of programs which a user is permitted to use. All other programs and setting
of Windows operation system become inaccessible. Thus a user will not be able
to run other programs, change settings of Windows OS, play games and perform
unauthorized actions, at that he may successfully run allowed programs and
perform tasks.

A company manager may create a specific set of program applications for every
worker individually depending on his competence, at that all other
applications will be inaccessible. When loading a computer the protected mode
starts at once (optionally).

To run this program locate necessary set of programs into AAutoloadA folder.
In freeware version of the program an access closing is accomplished with a
password. To perform any actions it is necessary to press Ctrl+Alt+Del, set a
password if it hasnAt been set yet and to check in the ATo lock desktopA
checkbox. After pressing AOKA the operation system goes in the protected mode,
where only programs, set in the AAutoloadA may be launched. All other programs
as well as desktop functions are inaccessible. To quit the protected mode it
is necessary to press Ctrl+Alt+Del, enter a password and uncheck in the ATo
lock desktopA box. After that the system goes in a usual mode where everything
is accessible.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

