# Download: ArtistX 1.5

**Short description: **

## An Ubuntu-based distro which will turn your computer into a complete
multimedia studio.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/artistx_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ArtistX 1.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ArtistX_program_94032.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ArtistX is a free DVD which turns a computer into a full multimedia production
studio.

It is based on Ubuntu GNU/Linux and contains nearly all the available free
audio, 2D and 3D graphics, and video software for the GNU/Linux computing
platform. It doesnAt need to be installed, and boots directly into a running
system without touching hard drives. The files produced with ArtistX can be
easily stored on USB devices or CD/DVD medium while it is running. If you want
to install it please take a look to our documentation and the ArtistX
Installation Manual.

**System Requirements:**

Minimum of 512 Mb RAM and 20 GB of HD space (applies to virtual machine
installation too). See full installation guide here: <http://artistx.org/blog
/install-artistx-to-your-hard-disk/>

After nearly ten years of development and more than ten versions, the ArtistX
1.5 multimedia studio on a DVD is finally here. ItAs an Ubuntu 13.04-based
live DVD that turns a common computer into a full multimedia production
studio. ArtistX 1.5 includes the 3.8 Linux kernel, GNOME 3.6 and about 2.500
free multimedia software packages, nearly everything that exists for the
GNU/Linux operating system organized in the menu. Main features: based on
Ubuntu 13.04 without Unity and with all updates (from April 2013); most of
GNU/Linux multimedia packages and the very easy Ubiquity installer. A partial
list of software included in the DVD is available at the software page, the
/usr/bin directory (where software executables are kept on a Linux system)
counts more than 5000 binaries. We have now a new Forum and a new Software
page with the TOP 100 free software available in ArtistX!

  * Free 3D Engine and Development Software: Meshlabs 
  * Free 3D Modelling and Animation Software: Art of Illusion, Ayam, Blender, Equinox 3D, K3d, Make Human, Moonlight3D, Sculptris, Wings3D, SweetHome3D, Y.A.P.R.M 
  * Free Audio DJ Software: Beatport SYN, Freecycle, Freewheling, Mixxx, QSampler, Smasher, Tactile 12000, TerminatorX 
  * Free Audio Synth Software: amSynth, Freebirth, Horgand, Hydrogen, Ingen, Mx44, Psychosynth, Qsynth, Rakarrack, SetBfree, Sineshaper, Yoshimi 
  * Free Audio MIDI Tools: Arpage, MusE, Patchage 
  * Free Audio Sound Editor Software: Audacity, Kwave, Rezound, Sweep, Wavesurfer 
  * Free Audio DAW and Tracker Software: Ardour, Jokosher, Lmms, Rosegarden, Traverso, Wired 
  * Free CAD Software: DraftSight, FreeCAD, LibreCAD 
  * Free DVD Mastering Software: Bombono DVD, KMediaFactory, Mistelix 
  * Free Font Software: FontForge, FontMatrix 
  * Free Fractals Software: Fractalnow, Fraqtive, Mandelburber 
  * Free Image and Picture Editing Software: GIMP, Krita, Pinta 
  * Free Image and Picture Viewer Software: ImgSeek, Fotowall 
  * Free Image Synthesis Software: Evolvotron, JavaMorph 
  * Free Optical Caracter Recognition (OCR) Software: YAGF 
  * Free Radio Software: Darksnow 
  * Free Renderer Software: Aqsys, Kerkythea, Sunflow 
  * Free TV and Recording Software: TV-Maxe, VLC 
  * Free Vector Software: Delineate, Inkscape, SK1, Xara Xtreme 
  * Free Video Editing Software: Avidemux, Cinelerra, Cinepaint, Jahshaka, Kdenlive, Lives 
  * Free Video Encoding and Decoding Software: Handbrake, Mobile Media Converter, Transmageddon 
  * Free Video Animation and Cartoon Software: Animata, Flash4Linux, Luciole, Synfig Studio, Toonloop 
  * Free Video VJ Software: DelVJ, FreeJ, FreeMix, Gephex, OnyxVJ, Veejay, VSXU 

ArtistX is made by Marco Ghirlanda, a digital Artist from Italy
([www.marcoghirlanda.com](www.marcoghirlanda.com)).

This download is an ISO file and is quite large, and so here is the md5
checksum you can use to check if itA's properly downloaded:

f26a75da1f1eeca7f23356481dc825c8

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/artistx.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

