# Download: Folders Popup 1.2.5

**Short description: **

## Quickly move between frequently used folders using both keyboard and mouse
shortcuts.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/folderspopup_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Folders Popup 1.2.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Folders-Popup_program_97094.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
A _Reviewed on January 27, 2014_  
  
If you use some folders frequently, then you will appreciate a program that
can help you quickly access the folders, and this is what Folders Popup does.
This handy application allows users to move between their frequently used
folders like a breeze using both keyboard and mouse shortcuts. The free
portable application is designed in AutoHotkey scripting language.

**Main Features:**

  * Adding, removing, renaming and re-ordering folders 
  * Adding any type of standard dialog box to support different programs 
  * Setting desired keyboard and mouse button shortcuts for opening Folders Popup menu 
  * Supports special folders, which can be either hidden or visible 
  * Launching folders using numeric menu shortcuts 
  * Displaying the popup menu at a fixed position 
  * Compatible with all modern Windows operating systems 

**Using Folders Popup**

If you are looking for an eye-catching user interface, then Folders Popup will
disappoint you at first glance. However, the interface is designed for
functionality, giving only the settings area. All we saw was a list of
locations that we could access.

We configured the shortcuts we wanted to use easily, and since we wanted fast
access, we were glad to find that the application allowed us to use simple
combinations. We could even perform a desired function by pressing a mouse
button. Pressing the configured shortcut displayed the list of locations
instantly.

By default, the folders launcher appears by pressing Windows+K or the middle
mouse button over an Explorer window or a file dialog box. We could also
access the File Explorer window from any window by pressing Shift+Windows+K.
If your mouse has a scroll wheel, you can also open a new Explorer window by
holding shift as you press the wheel.

Folders Popup makes it easy to know the shortcuts you can use to display the
list of folders. When you launch the application, it displays a note from the
system tray displaying the possible shortcuts.

The application comes with default locations already configured, including
program files, Windows folder and system partitions. In addition, we could
define our own paths. However, we could not change the special locations in a
sub-folder menu, which included Pictures, Documents, Desktop, Recycle Bin and
Control Panel.

We found almost all the options we wanted to configure the application under
Settings. We could even add separating objects to arrange locations based on
their respective purposes.

We added the folders we used frequently by clicking the middle mouse button
and selecting AAdd This FolderA and then providing a suitable name before
clicking OK. The application automatically supported regular dialog boxes, and
we could teach it to recognize others. The process was as simple as clicking
the middle mouse button when using an unsupported dialog box and choosing AAdd
this dialog to the supported listA and then clicking OK.

**Verdict**

If you want to quickly access folders, then Folders Popup is an ideal
application for you. There is no learning curve, and you do not need to
install it.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/folderspopup.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

