# Download: Microsoft Windows 8.1 (64-bit) Preview

**Short description: **

## Windows 8.1 Preview is a pre-release version of Windows 8.1.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Microsoft Windows 8.1 (64-bit) Preview](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Microsoft-Windows-8-1-64-Bit-Preview_program_88875.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

**Product Key:** NTTX3-RV7VB-T7X7F-WQYYY-9Y92F 

Windows 8.1 offers new features under the hood to make it the fastest, most
secure, and easiest to manage Microsoft operating system for desktop, laptop,
or tablet.

Windows 8.1 Preview and Windows RT 8.1 Preview are prerelease versions of
Windows 8.1. They build on Windows 8 and bring you more ways to stay
productive, have fun, and do all the things you need and want to do on your
PC.

Windows 8.1 Preview and Windows RT 8.1 Preview include enhancements in
personalization, search, apps, the Windows Store, and cloud connectivity, and
have the security and reliability features you expect from Windows. TheyA're
fast, and made to work on a variety of form factorsAespecially the new
generation of touch devices.

To install Windows 8.1 Preview from an ISO file, you must first convert the
ISO file into installation media stored on a DVD or a USB flash drive.

If youA're using Windows 8, follow these steps to install Windows 8.1 Preview
from an ISO file:

  1. Download the ISO (.iso) file. 
  2. Double-tap or double-click the ISO file. 
  3. Double-tap or double-click setup.exe and follow the steps. 

If youA're using Windows 7, the easiest way to convert an ISO file to a DVD is
to use [Windows Disc Image Burner](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-
us/windows7/burn-a-cd-or-dvd-from-an-iso-file). On a PC running Windows XP or
Windows Vista, a third-party program is required to convert an ISO file into
installable mediaAand DVD burning software often includes this capability.

**Notes before you download**

Windows 8.1 Preview is prerelease software that may be substantially modified
before itAs commercially released. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or
implied, with respect to the information provided here. Some product features
and functionality may require additional hardware or software.

**Product Key:** NTTX3-RV7VB-T7X7F-WQYYY-9Y92F 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

