# Download: Pokki v0.267

**Short description: **

## Enjoy a mobile-like app experience on your PC with free apps and games.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pokki_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Pokki v0.267](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Pokki_program_87098.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on May 14, 2013_  
  
Have you ever wished you could keep your favorite apps on your desktop? If you
enjoy the mobile app experience and want the same on your PC, then you should
consider Pokki. This web app manager will not only help you access your apps
without opening a web browser but also get the good old Start menu on Windows
8 system.

**Pokki Features:**

  * Real time notifications 
  * Organizing favorite apps 
  * One-click launch of apps 
  * Fast access to programs and files 
  * Search bar 
  * Compatibility with touch screens 
Pokki enables Windows 8 to boot straight into the desktop environment and
disables all hot corners. The program provides access to hundreds of free apps
that you can download from the Pokki store.

**Installation**

On our Windows 8 system, Pokki installed as a start button but still allowed
us to perform a wide variety of tasks. You need Internet access to install the
program because it is a web installer. The Start button immediately took its
position at the lower left hand corner of our desktop without the need of a
re-start. Remember to mark the check box stating "use Pokki as your start
menu."

**Using Pokki**

Although Pokki brings back the Start menu, it does not try to imitate the
earlier Windows Start button. It features its own acorn shape and layout. We
found all the elements available in Windows system but they were all arranged
in a single column, including the power button. However, we could not find all
features although it gave us access to the important ones, including Control
Panel, Computer, Documents, Pictures and Music.

From its simple interface, we could easily download, install, launch and
manage HTML5 apps. The search bar allowed us to access the free apps we wanted
from the Pokki app store. Relevant apps started appearing as soon as we
started typing.

**Pros**

  * Providing the familiar Start button on Windows 8 
  * Providing quick access and shortcuts to frequently used applications and system areas 
  * Giving access to hundreds of free games and apps 
  * Allowing apps to provide real time notifications 

**Cons**

  * Somewhat slow response to input 
  * No provision for customizing the menu 
  * Highlighting web apps we did not want to install 
  * Does not support drag and drop 

**Verdict**

Pokki is an effective web app manager that allows users to access their
favorite programs without going through the modern Windows 8 user interface.
It provides its own fresh way without imitating the old Windows Start button.
Users have the opportunity to integrate their favorite free apps into their
desktops. Further improvements are expected because the program is still in
beta stage.

Pokki for Windows 8 is [available here](http://www.pokki.com/windows-8-start-
menu).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pokki.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

