# Download: Win Toolkit 1.4.37

**Short description: **

## Tweak your Windows operating system and customize its installation.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wintoolkit_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Win Toolkit 1.4.37](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Win-Toolkit_program_97258.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on January 31, 2014_  
  
Win Toolkit is a small program that you can use to tweak your Windows
operating system and customize its installation to suit your own preferences.
For example, you can customize the default state of services and even remove
some features you do not really want. In other words, you will make a Windows
installation disk that operates the way you want.

**Main Features**

  * ISO maker 
  * All-in-one integrator 
  * USB boot preparation 
  * WIM manager 
  * Component removal 
  * Addon maker 
  * Driver installer 
  * Language pack converter 

**Using Win Toolkit**

We tried using different features of Win Toolkit and were pleased with the
results. We liked all the features, but were particularly happy with the all-
in-one integrator. As its name indicated, the tool allowed us to integrate
many things, including drivers, language packs, gadgets, theme packs,
wallpapers and tweaks. It also allowed us to remove components and perform
silent installs.

We had the option to remove more than 100 components that are normally bundled
with Windows, including Windows Media Player, Internet Explorer, Tablet PC
components and Sample Pictures. In order to add the components we wanted to
our installation disk, we had to download them from the Internet. We then
added them into an ISO image using the ISO maker tool, which is compatible
with UEFI. We customized the boot type and our DVD label before generating the
ISO image file.

All-in-one disk creator enabled us to combine both x64 and x86 versions of
Windows in the same DVD by combining all WIM files.

Network administrators who need to make multiple installations will appreciate
the Unattended Creator tool, which allows them to customize parameters to
preset values. The tool is useful in creating an unattended file used to
install Windows. The file is placed in the DVD root.

Some features like Addon Maker are meant for advanced users who can create
addons that others can use when customizing their installation disks.

**Verdict**

Win Toolkit is especially suitable for network administrators interested in
creating Windows distributions with their preferred applications and drivers.
However, even home users who would like to have particular applications
available as soon as they install their operating systems will benefit from
the program. Indeed, it is useful for anyone who wants to tweak Windows
operating system.

There is no help file, but you should not find any difficulty using the
program because its intuitive interface is easy to use.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wintoolkit.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

