# Download: Budget4All 1.5.1

**Short description: **

## Free budget forecasting software, with graphical display of evolving
cashflow.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/budget4all_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Budget4All 1.5.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/BudgetAll_program_41978.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Budget4All is a Java desktop application intended to ease significantly the
process of maintaining a personal budget focused on income and expense
forecasts. It allows you to:

  * See graphically the evolution of your cashflow at any time from now to the next 50 years. 
  * Create/modify very easily all kinds of income/expense items in a forecasted budget (called a scenario) 

This application is all about BUDGET FORECASTING : the key principle adopted
by Budget4All is to take into consideration the future incomes/expenses
expected. Consequently, this is not the right tool if you want to enter your
past bills, to print checks, to know how your money has been spent for the
past year, etc.

_Incomes, expenses and evolution of cashflow_  
Data is organized around the simple concept of "scenario", which is
essentially a file containing a set of income/expense definitions that you
specify according to your own needs. You may build as many scenarios as you
want. In a scenario, you specify for each income/expense several properties,
as the actual amount, the frequency, the starting and ending date, the annual
growth if any, etc. These incomes and expenses will obviously impact your net
CASHFLOW through time. It is the evolution of this cashflow through time that
Budget4All displays as a red curve in the main window. A AstartingA cash
amount (as of AtodayA) can be specified in a text box at the bottom of the
screen. You can change easily the duration of the period displayed on the
screen using the Atime intervalA combo box (e.g. 6 months, 1 year, 2 years,
etc).

_Inflation_  
It is possible to specify an annual inflation rate for a scenario. It can be
simple (e.g. 4% constant for each year) or complex (you specify the rate for
each year, e.g. 3.5% for 2009, 5.3% for 2010, etc). The inflation is applied
to every income/expense of the scenario on the first of January of every year,
unless, for a specific item, you have specifically indicated that inflation
does not affect the income/expense when you created the definition (see the
Aadd effect of inflation on top of annual growthA checkbox).

_Scenario Analysis_  
Budget4All offers a very useful analysis tool (menu Tools->Analysis) that
displays graphically the relative distribution in % of incomes/expenses for a
specific time interval. It is very handy to know what are your main
incomes/expenses and what percentage they represent. You may discover for
example that food represents 24% of all your expenses, which can help you to
take appropriate financial decisions.

_Data Exporting_  
You can export all the scenario data to a web browser or a spreadsheet (so you
are not locked in Budget4All !). Graphics can also be saved as PNG or JPG file
(right-click on the picture to have access to the menu).

The best way to learn Budget4All is to try it ! All the modifications you do
to a scenario are NOT SAVED into the file until you explicitly request to do
so by using the AScenario->SaveA or AScenario->Save AsA menu.

Requires Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 6 or above. [Get It
Here](http://java.sun.com/javase/downloads/index.jsp).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/budget4all.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

