# Download: RVCalc 1.0.0.2

**Short description: **

## Allows you to test many different conditions of travelling in an RV.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/rvcalc_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download RVCalc 1.0.0.2](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/RVCalc_program_97095.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

If you are thinking about buying a recreational vehicle like a travel trailer
or motor home and are worried about the poor gas mileage and other costs, then
you should use this program.

RVCalc will allow you to test many different conditions like gas mileage of
the family car versus the towing vehicle, motel cost versus RV campsite cost,
and more. It will then calculate the number of years until the cost of
purchasing and maintaining your RV would be paid for completely. Maybe you
would only typically spend a week or two at a resort as opposed to many short
weekends in you RV or maybe you would only take the RV out once or twice a
year. With RVCalc you can test all those scenarios to see if you could expect
to own the RV long enough to justify all the costs.

I wrote this program when we bought a travel trailer and were curious if it
was a cost effective way to vacation. There were so many variables like motel
cost versus RV camp site cost, gas mileage of a travel vehicle (Subaru in our
case) versus the RV towing vehicle (truck), etc that I thought it would be
nice to write something that could do a little more specialized calculating
beyond a standard spreadsheet. There are some interesting features like
searching for minimum or maximum values for various conditions. The program
essentially is intended to tell the user the number of years it would take to
completely pay off the cost of the RV if you vacation with it as opposed to
vacationing at motels or resorts. Try it, you will be surprised; I was.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/rvcalc.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

