# Download: Automotix 2.6 Build 989

**Short description: **

## Lets you sell and/or buy any OEM, aftermarket, re-manufactured or used
automotive part(s) right from your personal computer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/automotix2_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Automotix 2.6 Build 989](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Automotix-Build_program_33863.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Automotix is an Internet exchange client offering a wide range of features
that allow automotive buyers and sellers to communicate with each other
anywhere in the world, at any time. Automotix is a patent pending technology
designed specifically to the automotive industry. Automotive sellers and
buyers can download FREE the software to their PC and enjoy instant exchange
mean.

Buyers - Automotix lets you distribute your queries to thousands of subscribed
sellers in real time. YouA'll start receiving sellersA' quotes shortly after
submitting a query including price, description, picture and a URL where to
buy. Look for incoming quotes, decide which one fits you best and buy when
youA're ready. Buying with Automotix is simple and intuitive process.

Sellers - With Automotix Instant Exchange you can sell your car(s), automotive
parts and products. After signing up with the system and entering your
specialty youA'll start receiving buyerA's queries matching your store
specialty (filters). You reply to incoming queries with your quotes offering
cars or parts for sale. In additional to manually replying to queries in many
situations you may instruct the system to reply automatically on your behalf.
This way the buyers will get quotes quicker even when youA're not actively
working with Instant Exchange program (the program would run in background on
your computer connected to the Internet). Replying with the quote does not
guarantee the sale. However, the faster you reply the better chances are the
buyer will chose your quote and buy the part from you.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/automotix2.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

