# Download: Domain Fetcher 1.0

**Short description: **

## Expired domain name search utility. 100% Free. Feature Rich. Full Support.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/domainfetcher1_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Domain Fetcher 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Domain-Fetcher_program_42738.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Since 2003, Domain Fetcher has helped domain resellers and entrepreneurs to
make the most of their efforts in searching for expired and unregistered
domain names. No more monthly fees for similar browser based services. No more
wasted hours typing in name after name hoping to find good ones to register.
Now you can do it all with the click of a button. Less time searching means
more time making money.

Many other companies have tried to duplicate our software, but none of them
come close to quality and service. The Domain Fetcher software is the original
pioneer in domain searching software. First released in 2003, the Domain
Fetcher software has gone through many upgrades and improvements to benefit
all of our loyal users. While many others have tried to duplicate our
software, none of them offer the features and support that we do. Your success
is our top priority. We continually increase our efforts to add features to
our Domain Fetcher software, making it the best available.

No other expired domain searching software allows you to search for domain
names using every available domain extension. We take your searching
capabilities way beyond that of the inferior domain searching software that
other companies offer. Most of the other domain searching software available
only allow you to search .com or .net domains. Domain Fetcher allows you to
search through top level domains, as well other extensions such as .info,
.biz, .name, and many more. Our latest software release will even allows
searching of international domain names (IDNA's), expanding your search
possibilities even further. You can even add new domain extensions as they are
released.

No other company offers you frequently updated word lists. We offer fresh and
updated customized word lists for a vast array of categories. It is our goal
to give our users the highest potential in finding the absolute best domain
names. Other companies can try to copy us, but they will NEVER match up.

Works with all versions of windows 98 and higher.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/domainfetcher1.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

