# Download: Hola! 1.3.153

**Short description: **

## Free program to access blocked sites and accelerate your internet
connection.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/hola_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Hola! 1.3.153](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Hola_program_98197.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.0.gif)  
A _Reviewed on February 27, 2014_  
  
What do you do if you want to access some content online only to find that it
is censored in your region? This situation does not have to disappoint you
anymore. There are commercial programs you can buy to access blocked sites.
However, this may not be an ideal solution for you because you may be
interested in only one such site, or you may not be interested in something
fancy. Whether you want a simple program or something that gives you more
options, Hola! has a solution for you.

The software integrates into popular Web browsers like Mozilla Firefox and
Google Chrome, and it is compatible with Windows, Mac, Linux and Android
operating systems. The providers offer free and paid VPN services to meet the
needs of different consumers.

**Hola! Features**

  * Provides access to all blocked sites 
  * Works on multiple platforms 
  * Provides anonymity 
  * Enhances security by providing dynamic IP 
  * Hides usersA locations to prevent tracking 
  * Speeds up Internet access 
  * Saves on bandwidth costs using compression technology 
  * Creates social Internet as users increase 

**Using Hola!**

We had the option to add browser extensions during installation or skip the
process. We decided to install the extensions. Once the installation was
complete, the applicationAs icon appeared in the system tray. When we moused
over the icon, we had the option to accelerate the connection or unblock
access to restricted sites.

The program is suitable for all types of users because it has simple and
advanced modes for inexperienced and experienced users respectively.

Hola! automatically made necessary connections, and the browser extension
allowed us to select new connection routes. When we reached a restricted site,
the service gave us a list of VPNs we could use to access them from a
different country or region.

Although the browser extension offered no Internet acceleration, it helped us
avoid re-downloading content by caching data. While some VPN services slow
things down, Hola! does the opposite by sending only traffic to blocked
websites through different servers.

**Pros**

  * Easy to use 
  * Automatically re-routes connections based on accessed websites 
  * Provides multiple connections 
  * Increases Internet speed 

**Cons**

  * Some sites or apps do not respond on some websites 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/hola.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

