# Download: Mentations 0.72

**Short description: **

## Manage all of the information necessary to keep your life in order.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mentations_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Mentations 0.72](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Mentations_program_19240.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Need a way to manage all of the information necessary to keep your life in
order? Account balances, weather, world news, bills, investments, career
resources, interests, important dates, the list goes on and on. Each day, more
and more information that is relevant to our lives is made available through
the internet as website content and web services. But who has time to
continually troll all the various sites to collect it all? What we need is a
"personal intelligence agent" that will do it all for us!

The solution to this information overload is the MentationsA(r) Software
Service. This software is an internet-enabled desktop dashboard that will
unobtrusively monitor, analyze, distill, categorize, and react to all of your
important information and provide it to you through an aesthetically pleasing
"skinnable" interface. Easily customize MentationsA(r) to categories
appropriate to your life. For example, suppose you are an investment banker,
married with two kids, and an avid hiker. You choose the "Outdoors" theme,
command MentationsA(r) to feed you information on your investment portfolio,
sports scores, world news, family commitments, home maintenance needs, etc. At
any time of the day, a dynamic picture will, at a glance, depict the real-time
statuses of each of these categories!

No more simplistic ticker-tape style feeds like you currently get on your PDA
and cell phone. Those are simply pushing raw data; not much value added there!
In contrast, MentationsA(r) is not just a one-way delivery system
regurgitating data, but will allow you, through simple point-and-click "meta-
commands", to interact with your sources of information, enabling you to
easily control these linked facets of your life. Furthermore, MentationsA(r)
will eventually deliver targeted advice, opportunities, and merchandise offers
based upon your interests, goals, and desires. Lastly, youA'll be able to
share information and collaborate with other trusted users. MentationsA(r)
finally provides the means for you to stem the information overload tide!

**Features:**

  * Choose from one of four available themes: Home Central 
  * Country Cottage 
  * Futurescape 
  * Outdoors 
  * Customize predefined categories; 
  * View alerts; 
  * Monitor near real-time data feeds; 
  * Receive automatic software update notifications; 
  * User-defined RSS and Atom feeds (right-click on the News category); 
  * User-defined stock quotes (right-click on the Finances category) 
  * Receive information on interests 
  * Create a network of friends/family/significant others 
  * Voice Activation & Speech; 
  * OPML import and export (right-click on the News category). 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mentations.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

