# Download: Celeb Faces Font 1.1

**Short description: **

## A dingbat style TrueType font which prints images of celebrity faces on
typing.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/celebfacesfont_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Celeb Faces Font 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Celeb-Faces-Font_program_57840.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

People.FamousWhy.com has released a dingbat style TrueType font, named Celeb
Faces, which prints images of celebrity faces on typing.

The font maps alphabetic characters according to initials of celebrities.
According to FamousWhy, the font is highly suitable for celebrity fans and
designers in writing articles and designing graphics of celebrities.

24 different celebrities are included in Celeb Faces across various fields
such as, actors, actresses, musicians, reality show stars and politicians.
There are contemporary celebrities as well as celebrities from the past
century, like Elvis Presley. Alphabetically, the celebrities who are included
in the font are: Angelina Jolie, Barack Obama, Clint Eastwood, David Beckham,
Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, George Clooney, Halle Berry, Ice Cube, Kim
Kardashian, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Nicolas Cage, Oprah Winfrey, Paris Hilton,
Quentin Tarantino, Robert Pattinson, Shakira, Tom Cruise, Usher, Vanessa
Hudgens, Will Smith, X-Zibit and Zac Efron.

Installation and uninstallation of the font is also pretty simple and any
average user should be able to install it. The fact that no expert knowledge
is required to operate the font makes it more attractive and useful for
celebrity fans.

Celeb Faces is available freely for personal and commercial purposes. Complete
license agreement is included with the downloaded ZIP archive file. The font
can be used legally as long as the license agreement is intact and the
instructions in it are followed.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/celebfacesfont.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

