# Download: Kool Media Converter 1.1.0.0

**Short description: **

## Audio converter with built-in player, playlists, cd ripper, more.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/koolmediacvtr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Kool Media Converter 1.1.0.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Kool-Media-Converter_program_48506.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Kool Media Converter is a sound tool addressed to casual listeners and fervent
audiophiles likewise. It deals with compatibility problems between your audio
files and the media player you are using to help you enjoy all the songs you
love anyway you like.

This application is designed to set you free from the restrictions audio files
many times come with and allow you to access them from any MP3 player and
computer available. YouAve probably experienced by now some confusion due to
those numerous audio formats and file extensions. Kool Media Converter comes
in very handy with a great ease of use.

Kool Media Converter is a great choice for having your sound files converted
into the formats you want to compress for storage, include in a presentation,
listen on your portable player and a lot more. Actually, the possibilities
this sound software offers will surely exceed your needs.

The program also includes a built-in player to easily listen to the tracks you
want to or youAve already converted. ThereAs a FLAC encoder configuration
which can be set for ABasicA, AFormatA or AExpertA. When start encoding you
can choose from Bonk Audio Encoder, FAAC MP4/AAC Encoder, FLAC Audio Encoder,
LAME MP3 Encoder, Ogg Vorbis Encoder, WAVE Out Filter.

Other amazing features of Kool Media Converter are available in General
Settings Setup A youAve got besides Encoders, Playlists (you can easily create
playlists), CD Rip option, CDDB (you can access online database to add track
data as you convert), Plug-ins and Info Tags to change any info about your
audio file. You can also import multiple file formats simultaneously and
convert to one output format.

This audio converter will be an excellent addition your software collection
and the best to maximize the quality of your music library and your music
experience altogether.

**Note from FreewareFiles:** The setup program includes a toolbar which does not have to be installed to use the software.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/koolmediacvtr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

