# Download: LameXP v4.09 Final (Build #1524)

**Short description: **

## Easy-to-use MP3 Encoder Front-End for LAME MP3, Ogg Vorbis and Nero AAC.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/lamexp404_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download LameXP v4.09 Final (Build #1524)](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/LameXP_program_26961.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

LameXP is a graphical user-interface (front-end) for various of audio
encoders: It allows you convert your audio files from one audio format to
another one in the most simple way. Despite its name, LameXP is NOT only a
front-end for the LAME encoder, but supports a wide range of output formats,
including MP3, Ogg Vorbis, AAC/MP4, FLAC, AC-3 and Wave Audio. The number of
supported input formats is even bigger! Furthermore LameXP does NOT only run
on Windows XP, but also on Windows Vista, Windows 7 and many other operating
systems.

As all the encoders and decoders used by LameXP are already "built-in" (with
one exception), you do NOT need to install any additional software, such as
"Codecs", "Filters" or "Plug-ins", on your computer. Everything works "out of
the box"! You can even use LameXP as a "portable" application, e.g. run it
from your USB stick. Moreover LameXP was designed for batch processing. This
means that you can convert a huge number of audio files, e.g. a complete album
or even your entire music collection, in a single step. And, as LameXP is able
to process several audio files in parallel, it takes full advantage of modern
multi-core processors! However LameXP is NOT only optimized for speed, it also
provides excellent sound quality by using the most sophisticated encoders
available and by giving the user unrestricted control over all encoding
parameters.

In addition to that, LameXP provides full support for metadata, including
cover art. So when converting your audio files, LameXP will retain existing
meta tags. But there also is an easy-to-use editor for adding or modifying
metadata. LameXP supports Unicode for both, meta tags and filenames, so there
wonA't be any problems with "foreign" characters. And, thanks to our
translators, the user-interface of LameXP is available in multiple languages.
Last but not least, LameXP supports a number of post-processing filters,
including sample rate conversion, normalization (gain), tone adjustment and
downmixing of multi-channel sources.

**WhatA's New in version 4.09:**

  * Upgraded build environment to Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 RTM 
  * Complete overhaul of the file analyzer, resulting in up to 2.5x faster file import speed 
  * Reworked the application initialization code, resulting in notably faster startup 
  * speed 
  * Added encoding support for Monkey's Audio (APE) format, including APEv2 tagging support 
  * Improved file analyzer to retain the original ordering of files imported from a 
  * playlist 
  * Improved internal encoder API, so each encoder can define its own configuration options 
  * Improved splash screen and working banner, using A'sheet of glassA' effect on supported OS 
  * Improved dropbox widget, including proper multi-monitor support 
  * Updated Opus encoder/decoder libraries to v1.1 and Opus-Tools to v0.1.8 (2013-12-05) 
  * Updated Monkey's Audio binary to v4.12 (2013-06-26) 
  * Updated mpg123 decoder to v1.16.0 (2013-10-06), compiled with GCC 4.8.1 
  * Updated WavPack decoder to v4.70.0 (2013-10-19), compiled with ICL 14.0 and MSVC 12.0 
  * Updated MediaInfo to v0.7.67 (2014-01-10), compiled with ICL 14.0 and MSVC 12.0 
  * Updated GNU Wget binary to v1.14.0 (2012-08-05), compiled with GCC 4.8.1 
  * Updated GnuPG to v1.4.16 (2013-12-13), compiled with GCC 4.8.1 
  * Updated the QAAC add-in for LameXP to QAAC v2.33 (2014-01-14), compiled with MSVC 12.0 
  * Updated language files (big thank-you to all contributors !!!) 
  * Fixed a resource (file descriptor) leak in A'staticA' builds, didn't cause much harm though 
  * Various bugfixes and code improvements 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/lamexp404.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

