# Download: Physion 1.01

**Short description: **

## 2D Physics simulation software.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/physion_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Physion 1.01](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Physion_program_65430.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Physion is a 2D Physics simulation software. It can be used to easily create a
wide range of **interactive physics simulations** and **educational
experiments**. Teachers may find it particularly useful since it can be used
as a virtual physics laboratory through which they can demonstrate some basic
physics concepts in the classroom.

Using its tools you can create various physical objects on a scene. You can
for example create circles, rectangles, polygons, gears, chains, ropes,
balloons and lots of other physics items. You can also connect those items
using springs, pulleys, nails and other types of joints. This way you can
create various scenes/scenarios which range from simple educational
experiments to complex structures and mechanisms.

Apart from the classic saving/loading of scenes, **Physion also supports
uploading/downloading scenes** to and from a central repository. Once an
interesting scene has been created, the user can upload it to this repository
and it will be immediately available for downloading to all other users that
are using Physion.

Physion also supports **scripting with Javascript**. This means that the users
can write their own scripts and execute them through PhysionA's scripting
engine. Most of the actions that can be performed through the graphical user
interface have their equivalent javascript commands. This way Physion can also
act as a fun and friendly platform for introduction to basic programming
concepts.

Finally, Physion may be particularly useful to game developers since they can
use it as simple **level editor** for their platform games.

The program has been translated into 7 languages (English, Greek, Russian,
Japanese, German, Spanish and Indonesian) and is available both for **Windows
and Linux** (32 and 64bit)

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/physion.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

