# Download: Oddball Auctions Script 1.0

**Short description: **

## Provides webmasters with easy to install, fresh daily moneymaking content.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/oddballscript_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Oddball Auctions Script 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Oddball-Auctions-Script_program_26817.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The Oddball Auctions feed will provide webmasters with easy to install, fresh
daily content for FREE!

The Oddball script allows the webmaster to choose how many funny ebay auctions
they wish to display in their sidebar. Oddball Auctions will update these
auctions every day, so webmasters will have fresh, interesting content every
time a viewer returns. Unlike most widgets and RSS feeds, this script will not
"steal" your viewers. If a viewer clicks on an interesting auction, a new
window or tab will open, so you donA't lose your viewers!

The auctions listed will not have any adult items, so this script is suitable
for any web site.

Additionally, if a webmaster has an ebay affiliate account, the script allows
them to enter their PID, and receive credit for 50% of the clicks from their
site. Once someone clicks on an interesting auction, ebay places a 7-day
cookie on their computer. So, if the viewer buys ANYTHING on ebay in the next
7 days, ebay pays a commission. For example, if one of your viewers clicks on
"image of donald duck in a pancake", then leaves ebay, then, the next day they
buy a car from ebay, ebay pays a commission on the car!

So not only do you get free, daily content, but it can make money for you as
well! If a webmaster just wants to display the free daily content without
getting an ebay PID, thatA's fine too.

This script is fully stylable using CSS, so it will fit in perfectly with the
look of your site. It also has several options for customizing it to your
needs.

It is now also available as an RSS feed, a Widgetbox Widget, javascript or as
a Wordpress Widget.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/oddballscript.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

