# Download: C#Commdog v1.1.0

**Short description: **

## Documentation comment parser and generator for C#-projects (.net).

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/CommDog-GUI_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download C#Commdog v1.1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CCommdog-V_program_17749.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

C#CommDog is a development tool that analyzes and optimizes the documentation
state of an C# project (.csproj). All of the source code files of the project
are checked for the correctness of their XML documentation. Missing and
incorrect parts of every documentation comment are not only corrected and
completed but also uniformed. By this means not only the documentation state
of the project can be improved in best time but also the maintainability. This
results in lower costs for future maintenance.

The highly configurable parser of C#CommDog checks the correctness of every
documentation comment of an C# source code file. In doing so the tool supports
all type and member declarations of the C# language that are relevant for
documentation such as file headers, classes, structs, enumerators, members,
methods and constructors, except method bodies. That way the documentation
state of the project is determined and visualized in the graphical user
interface. Furthermore all missing or incorrect documentation comments can be
seen in a detailed view.

The highly configurable generator of C#CommDog generates a complete and
correct XML documentation for an C# source code file. In so doing the contents
of already existing documentation comments are maintained and a recoverable
copy of the original source code file is created automatically. Furthermore
missing comment contents can be marked with a special TODO entry and all
documentation comments can be formatted uniformly either in Java-doc(/**) or
in C#-doc (///) style.

With the help of C#CommDog the developer can achieve a maximum in comment
quality in a minimum of time.

**New features added: **

  * Parsing of single C# source code files. 
  * Improved configurability of the C# file parser. 
  * Handling of XML comment syntax errors. 
  * Generation of Todo Tags with Date. 
  * Support of Todo Tag date filtering. 
  * Help updated 
  * Some bugfixes 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/CommDog-GUI.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

