# Download: SnapTimePro 2.1.1

**Short description: **

## A flexible and useful Digital Stopwatch program.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/SnapTimeProFace.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SnapTimePro 2.1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SnapTimePro_program_19248.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SnapTimePro is probably one of the most flexible and useful Digital Stopwatch
programs available for Windows computers. You can change the timing resolution
at any time (selectable between 1/100 second and 1 second), and the
application includes cycle-rate (cycles/second and seconds/cycle) and speed
(kph or mph) measurement modules.

Other key features are: The ability to A'snapA' (capture) the time at any
moment (like the split/lap control of a conventional stopwatch). Automatic
assignment of percentage weights to captured times - these weights
continuously adjust as new times are recorded.

In the SnapTimePro Report, you can add a comment to each snapped time to
indicate what the time means. This can be done at any stage - as each time is
snapped, or afterwards. You can also mark which times you would like excluded
from calculations. You can A'rewindA' the stopwatch back or A'fast-forwardA'
the time, and begin timing from that point.

When you do this, the timing results already in the SnapTimePro Report
automatically adjust. Automatic calculation of shortest, longest and average
time gaps. Extensive reporting capabilities - you can produce a CSV textfile
of the raw timing data, a document-like, formatted textfile of the timing
results, or a formatted Word document of the timing results. You can save and
load Timing Sessions.

User-definable system-wide hotkeys - instead of using the mouse, you can
start, stop, reset the stopwatch, snap the time and invoke the SnapTimePro
menu from within any other application by means of keyboard hotkeys of your
choice, even if the main SnapTimePro Control Panel is not visible. Control
over mouse response - if you use the mouse to start, stop and reset the
stopwatch, and to snap times, SnapTimePro lets you decide whether the controls
should activate as you press the mouse button down, or as you release the
mouse button. Control over Display appearance, transparency and positioning -
you can adjust these at any stage.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/SnapTimeProFace.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

