# Download: WCD Drink Alarm 1.0

**Short description: **

## Estimates your ideal daily water intake and alerts you when to drink more.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wcddrnkalrm_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download WCD Drink Alarm 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/WCD-Drink-Alarm_program_69501.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Experience the numerous health benefits of being hydrated with this new, handy
app. Simply enter your weight, the amount of exercise you will be doing and
set the number of hours that you will be monitoring your water intake and the
app will calculate how much you need to drink throughout the day, and remind
you when.

You can also select the vessel (e.g. 300ml bottle) that you will be drinking
from in order to get an accurate measurement of how many glasses or bottles
you need to drink. Plus if you are Aon the goA you can change the type of
vessel at any time and the app will cleverly re-calculate and update how many
glasses or bottles you need to drink.

The Drink Alarm app will alert you regularly with a pop up and by sounding an
alarm to remind you to drink more in order to reach your daily target. You can
also to view your daily, weekly, monthly and annual hydration progress on
graphs.

Connect to your Twitter and/or Facebook so that you can share your progress
with friends and colleagues. Run this app on your desktop at home or in the
office and download it onto your iPhone for when youAre on the move. When
being more aware of how much water you are drinking on a daily basis it should
encourage you to drink more and keep you on track to stay hydrated.

Some of the benefits that you will experience once you are regularly hydrated
include less headaches, improved skin, feeling less tired, flushing out
toxins, improved concentration levels and the prevention of digestion
problems. Staying hydrated has never been easier A how refreshing!

Requires: [Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5](http://www.freewarefiles.com
/Microsoft-NET-Framework-3_program_31320.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wcddrnkalrm.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

