# Download: Gootec v1.06

**Short description: **

## Gootec - Free Internet Phone with call forwarding and answering machine.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/gootec_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Gootec v1.06](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Gootec-V_program_26702.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Turn your computer into a phone and use the Internet to make free voice and
video calls. All you need is a multimedia-enabled computer and an Internet
connection. Download Free Gootec and make calls and receive calls anywhere in
the world for free.

Additionally, you can buy our Gootec Plans and use your Goo CallOut service to
call any phone anywhere in the world; Goo CallIn to receive calls from phone
to Gootec; GooSMS service to send SMS message to mobile or GooAnswer machine
to receive messages online and offline.

Also Gootec offers Gootec Web Phone that allows you to make calls from the
Browser to any Gootec phone or landlines (no download needed). We offer SIP
standard, Change Gootec Number (virtuali number), WiFi voip application.
Gootec softphone is applicable for small and medium business offering Gootec
server and billing system.

Features include: voice and video conference, video messages, video email,
Handsfree mode, answering machine online and offline, caller ID, blocking
anonymous calls, missed calls notification, speed dial, call transfer, call
deflection, call forwarding, call refusing with text, automatically accept
calls, contacts online notification, detailed address book with recipientA's
details, an event log, user search, password protection, user account online,
Multilanguage skin, display background.

PC-to-PC calls are always free. International call any phone for as low as 2.4
cents a minute. SMS worldwide for as little as 15 cents per SMS.

Simply download the free software, register, and then order our great services
to your account.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/gootec.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

