# Download: SSuite PC Video Phone 3.4

**Short description: **

## A video phone for network communications.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ssuitep2pvidph3_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SSuite PC Video Phone 3.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SSuite-Office-P2P-Video-Phone_program_58235.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SSuite PC video phone is an easy to use P2P VOIP and Video Phone combination
for LAN, Wi-Fi, and internet communications.

PC Video phone does not rely on third-party vendors or special internet
websites to make calls. There is no need for registration, account
information, or any personal information on your part to make this application
work.

All you need is a headset, microphone, and / or a web camera to make a call.
FaceTime works only on LAN, DSL, Cable, or 3 / 4G broadband connections. The
minimum bandwidth required is 128 Kbps (continuous - upstream and downstream).

**How it works:**

For LAN and Wi-Fi connections, simply enter the I.P. address or Host name you
want to call and click on the "Chat" button. When the ringtone goes off, just
answer your call and start chatting, with or without video.

For Internet Calls: Before making a call, press the refresh button to make
sure of your I.P. Address. When making a call over a DSL, Cable, or 3 / 4G
connection, connect first and then run the application to ensure a correct
return I.P. Address.

On a LAN connection the I.P. Address is your network card address. On a DSL,
Cable, or 3 / 4G connection, the I.P. Address is the address your I.S.P.
provides automatically when you connect.

To make a quick connection to a friend or family member, simply sms your
current I.P. address to whom ever you need to contact while you are online.
They in turn enter your I.P. address in the address box and click on the chat
button to start the connection.

When connected, you have the choice to go to Video by clicking on the "Video"
button and then clicking on the play button to start your video conversation.

You are able to open the video window without being connected to have a self
preview to setup your web camera for best results. Just press play to view
yourself on the main screen. Just make sure your IP address to call is
127.0.0.1 when pressing play.

SSuite PC Video Phone is also completely compatible with our other VOIP
applications.

Please read the "Read Me" file included with this installation.

**Minimum System Requirements:**

  * Runs on all Windows systems 
  * Microphone and Web camera 
  * A LAN or Wi-Fi network, and for internet connections e.g. DSL, Cable, or 3/4G broadband connection. {128 Kbps or more} 

**WhatA's new version 3.4:**

  * Added dynamic image quality control. 
  * Now capable of running any HD webcam or HD video camera as visual communication source. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ssuitep2pvidph3.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

