# Download: Good vs. Evil Dictionary Screen Saver 1.0

**Short description: **

## A free Screen Saver for Windows XP and Vista, with a twist.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/goodvsevilsvr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Good vs. Evil Dictionary Screen Saver 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Good-Vs-Evil-Dictionary-Screen-Saver_program_44875.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

A free Screen Saver for Windows XP and Vista, with a twist.

James Hamm, 2008

As I have received more than my share from the world-wide web, and as I am,
not modestly put, an experienced commercial programmer, I thought it is time
to give something back. Something that I would enjoy having myself, something
beautiful.

"Good vs. Evil Screen Saver" is a moving dictionary of alternating words and
definitions from two very different dictionaries, Easton dictionary of the
Bible, and the DevilA's Dictionary, written by Bierce Ambrose in the 19th
century.

If you are easily offended (in either direction) I have provided a switch to
turn either one on or off. You can also control the fonts and brightness of
various elements, but I do not provide any speeding up mechanism, since it
detracts from the art of words. A screen saver needs to be fairly discreet.

You need to have DirectX 9 installed, for this is a true 3D application. I
recommend you obtain it from the Microsoft site at
http://www.microsoft.com/downloads I believe any runtime or developer version
9 and up should work. I have compiled against the August 2008 version.

For an XP or Vista box, download and unzip:  
http://homepage.mac.com/dicenti/pub/GveDist.zip

To install on an XP box, simply run GveSetup.  
To install on a Vista box, right-click on GveSetup and select "Run as
Administrator".

I have also provided an Unistaller that removes the files and clears the
registry entries.  
Well here it is. Enjoy, and do feel free to contact me at dicenti@mac.com
(yes, I know, an Apple site, one of these days I will port it to OSX and
Ubuntu as well. It will give me a chance to dabble into OpenGL.

James

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/goodvsevilsvr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

