# Download: Tampa Elements v1.0

**Short description: **

## Screensaver with hand drawn and painted images of different aspects of
Florida.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tampaelesaver_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Tampa Elements v1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Tampa-Elements-V_program_35100.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Screensaver with hand drawn and painted images of different aspects of
Florida. overtime, we have used various different hand drawn and painted
images as graphic elements on our web site and in other associated promotional
content. because a lot of people showed interest in these we thought it might
be a nice idea to release them in the form of a screensaver. the screensaver
features various different aspects of Florida. There are some architectural
elements featured and also some more natural features which range from animals
to landscapes.

This screensaver will run on any computer that has a Windows-based operating
system and it is extremely easy to install. All you have to do once you have
downloaded the file is double click on the icon to begin the installation
process. Once installed you will find the screensaver as an option by going to
your screensaver menu. from there, all you have to do is select it as your
default options there. Once you have done so you will find that it activates
itself after your default period of time and to be managed in exactly the same
way as any other screensaver that came preinstalled on your computer.

In an attempt to allow the widest possible number of people to utilize our
screensaver we have made every effort to keep the download file size small
sows to keep this screensaver accessible to people who are using dial-up
connections. Despite the attention of the detail of keeping the file size
down, the images are still of high quality as it was important to us that the
resolution was maintained as well. We will also be releasing other ranges of
images that we have previously used as graphic elements as screensavers in the
near future. If you have any interest in the subject of our web site or if
youA're interested in more information about this existing screeds ever any
future releases please feel free to visit us at our web site.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tampaelesaver.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

