# Download: Nova Raider 1.4

**Short description: **

## A new Space Action MMO with revolutionary features.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/novaraider_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Nova Raider 1.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Nova-Raider_program_87356.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Nova Raider is the new Space Action MMO with revolutionary features like class
based gameplay, both World and Arena PvP, real time events, single and
multiplayer missions, a deep crafting system and much more.

As a spacepilot who managed to escape an enemy raid, you are lost in space.
The only thing that keeps you going is your hope to see your homeplanet again.

On your quest you explore the depths of unknown galaxies, fighting off
intergalactic Monster, space pirates and other Players. Fight for resources,
develop powerful Spaceships and equip them with mighty weapons.

Which class will you chose: Raider, Tank, Supporter, Trader or the Balanced
Ship?

Raiders are fast, deadly and the nightmare of any rich Trader. They can
upgrade to the most advanced weapons. This firepower is on the cost of their
defense, making them vulnerable in longer fights.

Tanks are mighty Spaceships. Their specialities are their heavy defenses and
huge amount of hitpoints which make them withstand any attack. They are also
the only Class which can fully use special disable attacks like the EMP bomb.

Supporters are not the best fighters, but they can change the wind of battle
with their buffs and heals. They have access to the best support drones and
can even revive their allies in combat.

Traders donAt do a lot of damage, but they have huge storage room for all the
resources that you will find in the galaxy. Become the richest trader in the
galaxy and build up your personal empire.

Balanced ships are perfect allrounders. They might not have the highest
firepower or hitpoints, but they combine abilities from all classes into one
ship.

Join your friends, create guilds and fight side by side against massive
Bosses!

Can you compete with the best? Choose your weapons and measure your skills in
real time PvP battles! Let your name echo throughout the galaxy! Become the
best!

**System Requirements:** 1.5GHz, 1GB RAM, > Windows XP

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/novaraider.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

