# Download: Project Blackout 1.0

**Short description: **

## A fast-paced modern MMOFPS.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/projectblackout_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Project Blackout 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Project-Blackout_program_73358.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Project Blackout will test your skills as gamer with fast paced action,
precision shooting, and twitch response times. Project BlackoutA's graphics,
surround sound, and camera effects will put you in the middle of the action
and test your skills at a whole new level. Lock and load!

Every map in Project Blackout is carefully crafted to give operators an
immersive experience. With realistically skinned models and destructible
environments, Project Blackout raises the bar for immersion in MMO shooters.
Shoot through barriers to take out hiding enemies, employ explosives, dust,
realistic ballistics, and utilize the environment to gain the edge and destroy
your enemies!

Need a quicker route through a map? Make your own! Destroyable architecture
makes it possible to create a shortcut through a map to gain a tactical
advantage when you really need it. As the environments change, so will the
operators need to adjust tactics to survive.

ThereA's more to war than killing! You need training, you need equipment, and
you need experience. Operators in Project Blackout are expected to keep at the
top of their game. Project Blackout offers special missions in game that will
reward operators with special perks, items, and ranks. These missions will
drive you to be more than just another grunt with a gun, theyA'll turn you
into an elite operator.

Fortunately, these missions, while challenging, can be accomplished during
regular play so you wonA't need to be distracted while trying to complete your
missions.

**Note:** This file is the downloader for the latest version of the game. The full size of the setup file is 560MB.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/projectblackout.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

