# Download: Ant Movie Catalog 4.2.0.2

**Short description: **

## Manage your collection of movies, DVDs, CDs, and tapes.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/antmoviecatalog_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Ant Movie Catalog 4.2.0.2](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Ant-Movie-Catalog_program_24024.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
A _Reviewed on April 23, 2014_  
  
If you have a large collection of movies, managing them effectively can become
tricky unless you use a suitable program to help you. You will not only find
it difficult to locate some movies but are also likely to buy movies you
already have or leave others when you think you already have bought them. Ant
Movie Catalog will streamline your management to avoid such possibilities
among other useful functions. The free movie manager makes it easy to organize
movie collections, complete with the ability to add relevant data about the
movies.

**Ant Movie Catalog Features**

  * Stores movie catalogs in either XML or binary formats 
  * User-customizable links for performing online searches 
  * Imports data from the Internet 
  * Imports information from different media files and other file formats 
  * Exports information to various file formats 
  * Customizable templates for easy printing 
  * Stores images within catalogs or links to external files 
  * Provides statistics with pies and charts 
  * Loans management 
  * UI available in about 30 languages 

**Using Ant Movie Catalog**

The program is relatively easy to use. Although you may find it a bit
challenging at first, you will soon get used to it. The main program window
supports different display options, including classic style with search bar
and Windows XP themes support. We could display our movies on the left pane
either as thumbnails or icons and names. The thumbnails view appeared more
attractive.

The left pane allowed us to add different types of information related to the
movies, such as original and translated titles, subtitles and languages,
description, category, country, producer, director, actors, media label and
rating. A dedicated tab also enabled us to add our own custom fields.

The buttons on the toolbar made it easy and fast to perform required tasks
although we could also access required features via the menu bar. The "Get
Information" button allowed us to search the Internet for more details about
our movies, and the manager came with many scripts we could use straight away
to import information from places like IMDB and then view the execution
results. We selected the details we wanted to add to the movies by leaving
their checkboxes marked. The downloaded details included thumnails, and the
ability to link catalogs to external files allowed us to use larger images.

The loans feature helps you record details about movies you have loaned and
the people who have borrowed them. Under "Statistics" , you can determine
common features about your movies at a glance. For example, you can find out
which movies have subtitles, the languages the movies are in and who directed
them.

We specified different fields for grouping movies and then displayed the list
in a tree format. We could then export or print our catalogs.

**Conclusion**

Ant Movie Catalog is a handy program that will make it easy for you to manage
all aspects of your movie collection.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/antmoviecatalog.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

