# Download: CinemaPremiereOnline v1.1

**Short description: **

## Cinema Premiere is a one of a kind web based movie manager.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cinemapremiere_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download CinemaPremiereOnline v1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CinemaPremiereOnline-V_program_13140.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

CinemaPremiere.com is the first online movie manager of its kind with its full
range of features comparable to the best stand alone movie managers.

Access your movie manager from any PC with an internet connection and playback
movie files on your local PC or any PC on your network. Add your movies
quickly and easily by scanning your hard drive for movie files, scanning DVD
and VHS UPC numbers using a barcode scanner, or by entering the UPC numbers or
titles manually. Add movies and import movie information from The Internet
Movie Database or Amazon.com one movie at a time or multiple movies at a time.
Search and sort on numerous types of criteria from an actors name to keywords
in a plot. Add your own genres, media types and thumbnail images to help
organize your home movies and slide shows. Choose from five different views to
display your results, from thumbnail to detail, and export your search results
to a text file. Print it out and have a hard copy of your movie list or put it
on your PDA and take it with you. Playing movies on your local hard drive or a
hard drive on your network is as easy as clicking the thumbnail picture of the
DVD cover.

There are many advantages to a web based movie manager.

First, there is no software to install or update. Just run the custom browser
(CinemaPremiereOnline.exe) to access the movie manager. Cinema PremiereA's
webmaster keeps the movie manager up to date with the latest features.

Second, there is only one database of movies to maintain and this is
especially useful for those who have movie files on a home network. By sharing
your hard drive where the movies reside, any PC on the network (minimum 54g
wireless connection) can play movies through the online movie manager.

Third, you can access your list of movies when you are away from home. Perhaps
you were at a friends house and you were trying to remember the movie you just
watched with Gwenyth Paltrow in it. Or perhaps a friend wants to borrow a
movie or loan you a movie that you dont already have. There is a feature
available to give others access to your movie manager with features limited to
searching, sorting and playing movies.

Fourth, you do not need a fast internet connection to import the movie
information from IMDb.com or Amazon.com since it is all done on Cinema
Premieres server.

Fifth, the screens are designed for a 800x600 screen resolution so they
display perfectly well on a TV connected to your PC.

Note: Membership is required to function properly. Basic membership is free.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cinemapremiere.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

