# Download: Disk Explorer Professional 3.70

**Short description: **

## Organize all your files on CDs/DVDs: photo and video, music... and browse
your collection offline.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/diskexppro37_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Disk Explorer Professional 3.70](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Disk-Explorer-Professional_program_55263.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

This application is a powerful tool for cataloging all CDs, DVDs, floppies,
ZIP disks, or other removable media, hard drives, network drives, or even FTP
servers on the Internet (they are called volumes). Entire structure of volumes
can be cataloged as well as internal structure of various archive files (ZIP,
7-ZIP, RAR, ARJ, LZH, CAB, TAR/GZIP, ACE, JAR and others) including self-
extracting installers (EXE).

The application can automatically include contents of various commonly used
files (such as readme.txt, file_id.diz) entirely or just in part into a
catalog (called a database). Files can be processed by filters that can
extract file summary or even create a thumbnail of the file. The current
version is equipped with 18 filters which can extract for example
song/interpreter/album name from MP3, WMA, OGG, FLAC, WAV or VQF files; size,
bit-depth, format and even thumbnail from images of over 40 file formats (JPG,
GIF, TIF, PNG, BMP, PCX, CDR etc.); properties of various sound files; obtain
title, keywords, author, statistics from office documents (such as MS Word and
Excel); title from HTML documents; or just copyright holder, name and version
from executables. Comments can be added to any volume or folder. All filters
are fully configurable, different file types can be associated to any filter.

The application can work with any type of files, be it programs from the
Internet, CD magazines, music collections, photo-albums, or anything else.

Files and folders can be searched in the database even if the original media
(or Internet connection for FTP servers) is not currently available and this
works really fast. Using an average computer, you can find your file even
faster than you would insert a CD disc into a drive. Searching can be done
using various criteria, such as file name wildcards, substring, regular
expression, date, time, file attributes. Comments generated by filters can be
searched as well.

Disk Explorer Professional can work with several databases at the same time.
Volumes can be moved between databases. There is no limit on number of volumes
in a single database. Having even hundreds of volumes in a single database
does not imply higher memory or CPU speed requirements.

Despite all this features databases are very small. Most of the data is
compressed. If you wish to send a database to your friend by e-mail, you may
remove all unnecessary data from it, such as included file content or image
thumbnails.

User interface of Disk Explorer is very user-friendly and quite similar to
Windows Explorer, therefore virtually anybody can learn it very quickly.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/diskexppro37.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

