# Download: TagScanner Portable 5.1.648

**Short description: **

## A multifunction program to organize large music collections.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tagscan5_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download TagScanner Portable 5.1.648](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/TagScanner-Portable_program_53972.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on April 24, 2013_  
  
Are you a music enthusiast with a sizable album collection? If so, then you
will appreciate what TagScanner will help you do. The multifunction program
will help you get details about selected music from the Internet and rename
files depending on their tags. Its versatile tag editor has some special
functions. The free music manager incorporates a built-in player that allows
you to play your songs directly.

**Features:**

  * Compatible with many popular music formats, including AAC, MP3, WMA, FLAC, OGG, MPEG-4, SPEEX, Opus, WavPack, Musepack, OptimFROG, TrueAudio and Monkey's Audio 
  * Converting TAGs versions 
  * Full Unicode support 
  * Support for attached pictures, ID3v2 Lyrics and ID3v2 compressed tags 
  * Support for worksheets 
  * Formatting and rearranging TAG fields 
  * Importing TAG information online 
  * Exporting details to different user-defined formats, including CSV, XML and HTML 
  * Batch TAG editor 
  * Multi-language user interface 
  * Preview of songs and results 

TagScanner supports regular expressions in Text transform. Users can choose to
rename songs depending on artists, albums, tracks or titles and restructure
files depending on received tag information. This version has also made it
easier to rename folders. You can set the program to check for updates
automatically if you want.

**Performance**

We downloaded TagScanner and managed to rename all tracks relatively fast so
they could appear on an auto MP3 player the way we wanted, thanks to the batch
function. The program made it relatively easy to organize our music
collection. We could rename files based on tag information or vice versa. We
also managed to add relevant album images.

We obtained tag info from a variety of sources, including Amazon, FreeDB,
Discogs, Beatport, TrackType and MusicBrainz. We even created our own tags.

However, the user interface takes a little time to get used to although the
learning curve is not steep. Even newbies will not have to struggle too much
to learn the ropes.

**Verdict**

Overall, TagScanner is a robust music manager that does what it says well and
for free. Although the program performs several functions, they are all
closely related, making it a "single-minded" application.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tagscan5.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

