# Download: PrintFile 2.1.6

**Short description: **

## Allows you to print files fast and easily.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/printfile215_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PrintFile 2.1.6](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PrintFile_program_19773.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

PrintFile is a freeware MS Windows solution that will allow you to print files
fast and easily.

The program recognizes plain text, PostScript, Encapsulated PostScript (EPS)
and binary formats. Using this program can save you a lot of paper and thereby
also saving valuable natural resources. PrintFile can also act as a print
spooler, watching a specified directory for files. Whenever a file appears in
that directory it will automatically be printed.

When printing text files PrintFile makes a configurable page layout of the
text contents. Several logical pages can be placed on one page of physical
paper (referred to as n-up printing). There are also several other
configurable options controlling the layout.

Text files can be printed on any printer that has a Windows printer driver.
Text copied to the clipboard can also be printed in the same manner as text
files. PrintFile can also do user configurable Pretty Printing of text files.
Keywords and comments can be highlighted using different font styles and
colors. This function is primarily intended for source code files.

Non text files are sent files directly to a Windows printer. In this case the
program can be seen as a Windows replacement for the DOS command "copy/b
filename LPTx" . However, unlike the DOS command, PrintFile works well with
network printers that do not have a connection to any LPTx.

Although this function is mainly intended for printing PostScript files, it
could be used just as well for any file created by the "Print to File" option
available for most Windows printer drivers.

Such a print file can for instance be created on a PC without a printer and
then be moved to another PC that has a printer, and there be sent to the
printer using PrintFile.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/printfile215.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

