# Download: Streamer 1.42

**Short description: **

## Streamer is a peer-to-peer internet radio.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/streamerradio_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Streamer 1.42](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Streamer_program_19399.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Streamer is a p2p based Shoutcast/Icecast compatible streaming client/server
application.

It works by having some listeners (red) who are downloading the audio stream
from the server (green) then upload it to other listeners, who in turn upload
it to even more listeners, forming a branching tree.

The broadcasting server only sends the stream to a few of them, instead of
sending it to every one individually, as happens in conventional client-server
systems.

New listeners tag on the the outside edge of the tree, and because each one
provides new upload capacity to the network there is no limit to their number.
They also move around in the tree according to their upload bandwidth and
listening time, and as others leave and join the network. High bandwidth and
long-stay listeners tend to move closer to the broadcast server (closer = less
hops)

This all means you donA't need an internet connection with a lot of bandwidth
to broadcast to a huge number of listeners. A low bandwidth modem connection
can work just fine. Higher bandwidth connections naturally increase the
quality of the audio that is possible. ItA's almost-free broadcasting, for
just the cost of a net connection.

It has a built in chat system, with a lobby channel, some other system
channels, and a chat channel for each station, so you can chat with the DJ. It
uses a gnutella-like mesh to distribute the messages. It also has an embedded
web site for each station which streams alongside the audio. This can contain
most html tags, images, banners, links etc. Add playlists, a web cam, ad
banners, whatever you can think of. (currently though only the index.html is
streamed, the other files must be on a web server).

It is a small download, for both listening and broadcasting. It has no spyware
or similar crud, wonA't put commercials (yuk!) in your stream, make you sign
up, ask for money, show plop-ups, etc.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/streamerradio.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

