# Download: The Manual Works Prompter 5.4

**Short description: **

## Turns any Windows PC into a 'prompter' just like the TV, radio, and public
speaking 'pros' use.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/manwrksprmptr_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download The Manual Works Prompter 5.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/The-Manual-Works-Prompter_program_47311.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Do you ever need to read a script of any sort, for any reason? Would you find
it easier if the script scrolled A'before your very eyesA' just like a
professional A'teleprompterA' or A'autocueA' device? Then The Manual Works
Prompter is for YOU!

The Manual Works Prompter is a simple HTML Application (HTA file), and you can
check and modify its content using any text editor including Notepad. Like a
Web page, it needs no installation whatever and you can run it immediately
from ANY media, including diskette and memory stick.

The Manual Works Prompter loads, edits, and saves scripts as simple text files
(TXT files). All you need to do is remember to save or move them to the SAME
directory as the Prompter HTA file (the so-called Prompter directory). For the
adventurous, or those experienced in HTML, you can include several HTML tags
which the Prompter will honour when the script is displayed! Full details are
in the supplied documentation.

The Manual Works Prompter comes in two versions: a MINI prompter designed for
general use, and a VIDEO prompter which is full-screen, and includes an option
to A'flipA' the screen so you can easily make a A'through the lensA' prompter
system for video cameras by adding just one angled sheet of clear plastic or
glass. Both versions are included in the ZIPfile, plus full documentation; so
any HTML guru worthy of that title should be able to easily change pretty much
anything you like, including screen size, colours, whatever.

The Manual Works Prompter SHOULD run without problems on any browser on a
Windows PC, but I only guarantee it to work on the Microsoft Internet Explorer
browser, V5 or later. If you have problems with it on some other browser,
youA're on your own. :)

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/manwrksprmptr.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

