# Download: AcronymGenie 4.5

**Short description: **

## A searchable database of computer acronyms, abbreviations and initialisms.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/acronymgenie_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download AcronymGenie 4.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/AcronymGenie_program_15379.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

AcronymGenie is a simple desktop program that lets you look up the expansion
of a computer acronym, abbreviation or initialism using an offline database.
Simply type the first few letters of the acronym or abbreviation you are
looking for and the list of acronyms will narrow down to a more specific list
until you have a match.

The AcronymGenie database covers most of the computer-related fields including
information technology, Internet, chat, programming, software engineering,
networking, hacking, graphics, multimedia, audio, video, telecommunications,
electronics, embedded systems, etc.

AcronymGenie lets you search the database with full reverse lookup facility
that supports wildcards. This allows you to search by acronyms as well as by
keywords that appear in the expansions. The anagrammatic search capability
proves handy when you donA't remember the exact sequence of the letters in an
acronym.

The Help file explains all the features of the program in detail. You will
find here a concise description of how to use the database and its multiple
search functions. The included glossary explains terms like acronym,
abbreviation, initialism, expansion and recursive acronym. A list of keyboard
shortcuts is also provided.

AcronymGenie also has an integrated smiley dictionary, which can be easily
accessed from the toolbar. This smiley dictionary consists of basic, common
and less common smileys, all with explanations.

You can easily configure AcronymGenie to run automatically every time Windows
starts.

AcronymGenie is simple, completely free and a must for every desktop.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/acronymgenie.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

