# Download: Free Google Translate Desktop 2.1.91

**Short description: **

## Free language translator based on Google Translate service.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/googletrnsltdsktp21_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Free Google Translate Desktop 2.1.91](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Google-Translate-Desktop_program_56240.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Google Translate Desktop is a free portable desktop translator based on google
translate. It can quickly translate almost any text between 58 languages, and
pronounce for 34 languages of them. The new Google Translate Desktop V2.1
enables to translate website on the browser side. It monitors the clipboard
and automatically translate the content on clipboard to the target language.
Also you can import text to translate and export the translation to a txt file
flexibly.

Google Translate Desktop can help you in reading foreign articles easily.
Sometimes you want to read an article by foreign authors, but you feel hard to
understand the foreign languages. AWhat the hell is that?A Even you know there
is important message in that article, you couldnAt know clearly what they
mean. With Google Translate Desktop, you can easily translate the whole
article into your main language. You can also translate just a single word or
sentence to target language. It will help you to easily get the key of the
foreign article.

Google Translate Desktop helps you to send a quick response when you are
communicating with foreign guys via FaceBook or Twitter. We have many friends
all over the world, but usually they are using an unknown language that we
canAt know exactly what they mean. With Google Translate Desktop, we are able
to know what they mean no matter what language they are using. Also we can
post in their languages on FaceBook and Twitter!

Google Translate Desktop is the most popular free desktop translator for
Windows users. It runs on millions of laptops and computers to help with the
translating work. It can be used as language education tool or communication
tool in trading.

**Note from FreewareFiles:** This download is considered adware as it displays advertisements while running the application.

  
  
Screenshot:
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/googletrnsltdsktp21.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

