# Download: Lingoes Portable 2.9.1

**Short description: **

## An easy and intuitive portable dictionary and multi-language translation
software.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/lingoes_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Lingoes Portable 2.9.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Lingoes-Translator-Portable_program_50523.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on August 30, 2013_  
  
You do not have to be a professional translator to benefit from translation
software. Lingoes Portable is meant for anybody who would like to translate
even one word from one language to another. You can use the free dictionary to
capture a word on the screen, translate selected text or an entire document.
The program, which provides results in more than 80 languages, will even help
you get the correct pronunciation.

**Features:**

  * Supports cross translation over 80 languages 
  * Text translation over 34 languages 
  * Cursor translation function 
  * Pronunciation of words and texts 
  * Ability to download and install preferred dictionaries 
  * Online dictionary service 
  * Appendices system that provides various functions, including weights and measurements converter, currency converter, international time zone converter and international dialing codes 

**Using Lingoes Portable**

All you need to do to use Lingoes Portable is to download and unzip the
program. We unzipped it on a flash drive so we could use it on different
machines and places. We could even carry our free dictionary and use it at a
cyber cafA(c).

The program opened fast and gave us several options for using and adjusting
it. The icons on the top left side of the window gave us access to the Index,
Guide and Appendices.

**Index**

The Index was where we could use the installed dictionaries. Relevant words
appeared as soon as we started typing in the search bar on the top part of the
window. Clicking on a specific word displayed its meaning on the main right
part of the window while double-clicking it opened translation panes in
addition to the definition.

**Guide**

The configuration panel was where we could set the way we wanted our multi-
lingual translation software to work, from startup options to appearance to
translation and voice engines. We also had the option to set hotkeys for
performing various functions.

**Appendices**

In addition to the included appendices, we had the option to download more or
even create our own. We tried converting currencies whose values we knew and
got accurate results depending on the dayAs conversion rates. We could also
convert currency numbers to text.

On the right lower part of the window were five buttons for:

  * Capturing word on screen 
  * Translating selected text 
  * Translating clipboard text 
  * Keeping window always on top 
  * Opening and closing mini window 
Below the search bar were options for speaking selected text, copying, saving,
printing, finding and launching text translation window. The last option
returns you to the start page. The main menu button just below the close
button gives access to these functions in addition to online updates and
support.

**Pros**

  * No need for installation 
  * Fast 
  * Provides comprehensive details 

**Cons**

  * Translation requires Internet connection 

If you want a free dictionary and translation software in a single package,
then Lingoes Portable is an ideal choice.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/lingoes.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

