# Download: Advanced Security for Outlook 2.10

**Short description: **

## Get rid of the annoying security alerts in Microsoft Outlook.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/security_outlook14_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Advanced Security for Outlook 2.10](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Advanced-Security-for-Outlook_program_47409.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Get rid of the annoying security alerts in Microsoft Outlook 2000, 2002/XP,
2003, 2007, 210 and 2013! Advanced Security for Outlook allows you to
determine the violator and specify the permanent action for this program (and
only this program!) : allow access, block access or run the default Outlook
handler. In the future, the specified action will be executed automatically
and Outlook Security will not annoy you with messages about trying to access
e-mail addresses you have stored in Microsoft Outlook.

The standard security system has two drawbacks: first, it does not allow users
to determine the source of the threat, and second, a lot of other applications
developed before the security system appeared can be extremely annoying due to
their constantly displayed warnings. Since the security system is constantly
updated, a "fresh" program can access a list of such applications quite
easily. There is still yet another drawback resulting from the first two: when
the user temporarily disables the security system this allows any other
program also to work without any security system restrictions.

This add-in for Outlook solves all of the above problems providing the
information not only about the type of alert, but also about what program
caused it and makes it possible to specify for this (and only this!) program a
permanent course of action: allow access, block access or run the default
Outlook handler. Later on you can change or delete the action chosen. It
should be mentioned that there is a range of tasks (which is rather narrow)
that an Outlook developer can implement only through the use of the object
model and its "blocked" methods. In this case, Advanced Security is an
indispensable program when using such an application. This program has
English, German and Russian interfaces.

**System requirements:**

  * Microsoft Windows 8, 7, Vista, 2003, XP; 
  * Microsoft Office 2013 (32-bit), 2010 (32-bit), 2007, 2003, 2002 (XP). 

  
  
Screenshot:
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/security_outlook14.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

