# Download: ConstEdit v1.11.1000

**Short description: **

## A word processor that writes documents in the html5 webpage format that is
readable by all common web-browsers.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/constedit_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ConstEdit v1.11.1000](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ConstEdit_program_91451.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ConstEdit is a word processor useful for your daily work, and personal needs.
It is not a cloud app and is not an online html editor. It does not connect to
your network. It runs locally on your pc for better performance, convenience
and security, while providing more functionality.  
  
Interoperability. ConstEdit writes documents in the standard internet webpage
format (html/htm file extension). You do not have to install any particular
software to read the html documents generated from ConstEdit, not even
ConstEdit itself. Just your favorite browser will do, in any common computer
operating system (not all style formatting properties used in ConstEdit are
supported by all web-browsers).  
  
Separation of content from presentation/formatting. By making use of external
Cascaded Style Sheets CSS, there is no more need to worry about styles
formatting while you are editing the document content. E.g. when you insert a
new section, the new section is already rendered with the designed style with
the correct outline numbering on it; or when you demote a main section to
becoming a sub-section, the numbering on the section title is updated
immediately and the section is reformatted as a sub-section.  
  
User interface. ConstEdit ui is simple and intuitive with multi-tabbed file
editing.  
  
Section outlining. ConstEdit allows you to visualize and manage the document
sections structure easily with drag and drop without doing any cut and paste.
Novelists may find this feature particularly useful for designing their
storyboards.

**Other features:**

  * design customized html cascaded stylesheets  

  * Auto-numbering of sections / tables / figures / footnotes  

  * Auto-generation of Table Of Content  

  * Adding comments  

  * Attached audio and video can be played back directly in ConstEdit when the file is opened as read-only, or when opened in any compatible web browser  

  * Spell-checking with auto-correction  

  * Auto-capitalization  

  * Auto-save at regular intervals  

**Minimum requirements:**

  * Microsoft Windows 7 Service Pack 1 or Windows 8.1. Both 32- and 64-bit versions are supported.   

  * [Microsoft .NET Framework 4.5](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30653)
  * Internet Explorer 11.  

Free for personal, non-commercial use only.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/constedit.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

