# Download: Wordz 1.0

**Short description: **

## A free alternative to Windows WordPad.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wordz_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Wordz 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Wordz_program_84447.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Wordz is an easy to use full featured word processing application for the
Windows PC platform. It is specifically written for students who perhaps
donA't have Microsoft Office at home but who need access to a word processor
in order to complete homework or other school assignments like course-work
etc.

Wordz is 100% portable and can be installed to a flash-drive.

In some ways, if you are a student, Wordz is more powerful than Microsoft
Office because you can link parts of text, like a name, directly to Wikipedia.
It is also possible to link to any website from within a Wordz document. These
features, which are unique to Wordz, could be really useful for additional
research when revising or re-reading the document.

Just like Microsoft Office, Wordz comes with a powerful spell-checker and a
Live Spell Check feature where misspelled words are highlighted with a red
squiggly line. Right-clicking a misspelled word will bring up suggestions from
the dictionary etc.

Wordz comes with a number of dictionaries (British English, American English,
French, German and Spanish). Again, performing better than Microsoft Office,
dictionaries in Wordz are easily switched on or off from within the Spelling
Options section. It is also possible to have more than one dictionary working
at any given time. This could be really useful for students of foreign
languages. It wonA't help with translation, but at least it will be the
correct spelling.

Because Wordz uses Rich Text (RTF) as its document format, there is full
compatibility to and from Microsoft Office.

Wordz is 100% Freeware. There are no adverts or donation squawks either.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wordz.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

