# Download: Microsoft SyncToy 2.1

**Short description: **

## PowerToy that helps users with the copying, moving, and synchronization of
directories.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ms_synctoy_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Microsoft SyncToy 2.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Microsoft-SyncToy_program_14920.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SyncToy 2.1 for Windows is an easy to use, customizable application helps you
copy, move, rename, and delete files between folders and computers.

There are files from all kinds of sources that we want to store and manage.
Files are created by our digital cameras, e-mail, cell phones, portable media
players, camcorders, PDAs, and laptops. Increasingly, computer users are using
different folders, drives, and even different computers (such as a laptop and
a desktop) to store, manage, retrieve and view files. Yet managing hundreds or
thousands of files is still largely a manual operation. In some cases it is
necessary to regularly get copies of files from another location to add to
primary location; in other cases there is a need to keep two storage locations
exactly in sync. Some users manage files manually, dragging and dropping from
one place to another and keeping track of whether the locations are
synchronized in their heads. Other users may use two or more applications to
provide this functionality.

Now there is an easier way. SyncToy, a free PowerToy for Microsoft Windows, is
an easy to use, highly customizable program that helps users to do the heavy
lifting involved with the copying, moving, and synchronization of different
directories. Most common operations can be performed with just a few clicks of
the mouse, and additional customization is available without additional
complexity. SyncToy can manage multiple sets of folders at the same time; it
can combine files from two folders in one case, and mimic renames and deletes
in another case. Unlike other applications, SyncToy actually keeps track of
renames to files and will make sure those changes get carried over to the
synchronized folder.

We have collected feedback from the discussion forum on the Windows XP
Professional Photography web site, from customer feedback surveys, from a
large number of professional and hobbyist photographers at Microsoft, and from
various world-wide forums, sites, reviews and blogs on the web. Based on your
feedback, the following features were added to this release of SyncToy:

  * Dynamic Drive Letter Assignment: Drive letter reassignment will now be detected and updated in the folder pair definition. 
  * True Folder Sync: Folder creates, renames and deletes are now synchronized for all SyncToy actions. 
  * Exclusion Filtering Based on Name: File exclusion based on name with exact or fuzzy matching. 
  * Filtering Based on File Attributes: The ability to exclude files based on one or more file attributes (Read-Only, System, Hidden). 
  * Unattended Folder Pair Execution: Addressed issues related to running scheduled folder pairs while logged off. 
  * Folder Pairs With Shared Endpoints: Ability for folder pairs associated with the same or different instances of SyncToy to share end-points. 
  * Command line enhancements: Added the ability to manage folder pairs via the command line interface. 
  * Re-Architect Sync Engine: The SyncToy engine has been rearchitected to provide scalability and the ability to add significant enhancements in future releases. 
  * Sync engine is also more robust insomuch that many single, file level errors are skipped without affecting the entire sync operation. 
  * Sync Encrypted Files: Sync of Encrypted files works when local folder and files are encrypted, which addresses the common scenario involving sync between local, encrypted laptop PC folder and remote, unencrypted desktop PC folder. 
  * 64-Bit Support: SyncToy now has a native 64-bit build (x64 only) for 64-bit versions of Windows. 
  * Folder pair rename 
  * Sub-folder Exclusion Enhancements: Descendents created under excluded sub-folders are automatically excluded. Usability improvements for the sub-folder exclusion dialog. 
  * Folder Pair Metadata Moved: Folder pair metadata removed from MyDocuments to resolve any issues with server-based folder pair re-direction setup. 
  * Setup Improvements: Integrated setup with single self-extracting archive file and no extra downloads if you already have .NET Framework 2.0 installed. Enabled silent install for the SyncToy Installer file (see readme.txt file for more information). Removed combine and subscribe actions. 
  * Removed combine and subscribe actions. 

**System Requirements:**

  * Supported Operating Systems: Windows Vista; Windows XP; Windows 7 
  * [Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0](http://www.freewarefiles.com/Microsoft-NET-Framework-x-Final_program_16026.html)
  * [Microsoft Sync Framework 2.0](http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=89adbb1e-53ff-41b5-ba17-8e43a2e66254&displaylang=en). Will be installed if not currently installed. 
  * 1GHz Intel P3 processor or equivalent 
  * 256MB RAM, 512MB RAM recommended 
  * 20MB free disk space 

**What's New in version 2.1:**

  * Better Performance: The speed of file copy operations is significantly increased across the board. 
  * Improved Robustness: Much more resilient to transient network and file system errors and better error reporting which pin-points which file the sync failed on in case thereAs a fatal error that stops the sync. 
  * Folder pair configuration backup: Folder pair configuration is automatically backed up under %localappdata%microsoftsynctoy2.0. User can replace SyncToyDirPairs.bin with the backup copy to resolve last saved configuration. 
  * Bug Fix: Fixed the data corruption issue when using SyncToy with NAS drives. 
  * Bug Fix: Fixed the issue that prevented uploading files to SharePoint when using SyncToy 2.0. 
  * Bug Fix: Fixed the issue that prevented delete changes from being synchronized when the sync option is set to AEchoA. 
  * Bug Fix: Fixed the UI issue where reported file time were off by the difference between local time and UTC when destination is a FAT volume. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ms_synctoy.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

