# Download: Simple Disk Catalog v1.0c

**Short description: **

## A Disk Catalog Software with an exclusive search engine.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/simplediskcat_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Simple Disk Catalog v1.0c](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Simple-Disk-Catalog-Vc_program_16983.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Just imagine you own a great collection of CD-RA's, Zip Disks, DVD-ROMs, hard
disks and there are tons of programs, data, documents, files and music
recorded on them. Now imagine you want to find a certain file, program or
music which is recorded in any of these disks, and you have no idea in which
disk they are! Does it look hard for you? ItA's not anymore!! Now you have
Simple Disk Catalog!  
  
Simple Disk Catalog scans your disks deeply and generates a catalog of each
one in a database. This catalog contains all the directory tree of your disks
and it permits you to browse them as if you were browsing them through Windows
Explorer.  
  
SDC has an exclusie search tool, because it works pretty much like those
search engines from Internet, like Google! By using this search tool, itA's
possible to you locate any file which is in any of your disks just in matter
of seconds! ItA's even possible to search inside compressed files!! You wonA't
need to remember in which disk is your files anymore, because you have SDC
now!  
  
Compressed files are scanned by SDC as well! This way, you can catalog all the
contents of each compressed file and search for files which are inside
archives! SDC is the disk catalog software that supports the greatest number
of compressed files formats: ZIP, ZIP SFX, ZOO, ZOO SFX, RAR, ARJ, ARJ SFX,
ARC, ARC SFX, ACE, CAB, HA, JAR (JavaSoft java format), LHA, LHA SFX, LZH, LZH
SFX,PAK, PAK SFX, TAR, GZIP, Z, BH, BH SFX, UUE, XXE, ENC and Install-Shield.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/simplediskcat.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

