# Download: SoftPerfect RAM Disk 3.4.5

**Short description: **

## Allows you to easily create a virtual disk.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sftprfctramdisk_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SoftPerfect RAM Disk 3.4.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SoftPerfect-RAM-Disk_program_94028.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Have you ever considered using a RAM disk? This is a virtual disk that you
create in your computerAs Random Access Memory or RAM. One of the advantages
of using a RAM disk is that it works faster than a physical hard drive.
However, how do you create it? This is where SoftPerfect RAM Disk comes to
your rescue.

SoftPerfect RAM Disk is a RAM disk application that allows you to create a
virtual disk easily. The RAM disk has all the features of other storage
devices, except that it resides on your computerAs memory. For example, itA's
accessible via Windows Explorer, and needs to be formatted before you can use
it.

The RAM disk is especially handy in storing temporary files, and you can
configure Windows to use it for such files instead of the physical hard disk.
You will not only increase speed but also save valuable space on your hard
disk. This is important considering that third-party applications usually
create many temporary files that they use for short periods, yet the files
remain on the temporary folder. You wonAt have to keep remembering to delete
the temporary files because the RAM disk is cleared whenever you turn off your
computer. In addition, frequent reading and writing significantly affect the
life of a hard disk.

You can create as many RAM disks as you like of varying sizes depending on the
memory available on your computer. Many modern computers come with lots of
memory, most of which remain unused. With SoftPerfect RAM Disk, you can
optimize the use of this memory and improve the performance and life of your
computer.

**WhatA's New in version 3.4.5:**

  * Fixed an issue with NTFS formatting with a volume label. 
  * Fixed an issue with NTFS formatting with the HDD emulation. 
  * Added an option to select a NUMA node on Windows 8 and higher. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sftprfctramdisk.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

