# Download: WizTree 1.07

**Short description: **

## Find the files and folders using the most space on your hard drive.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wiztree_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download WizTree 1.07](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/WizTree_program_81890.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on September 19, 2013_  
  
Your computer has most likely collected some files and junk that you would
like to remove to free up your system. To do this, you must first know whatAs
taking up that precious space, which is where WizTree comes in handy. This
free disk space analyzer scans NTFS volumes fast and displays the files and
folders taking the largest space.

**Display**

WizTree provides a simple list that displays the largest folders and files on
top. Although the display may not be as intuitive as some users would like, it
makes it easy to zero in on whatAs taking too much space. You do not need
technical skills to use it.

**Using WizTree**

We noticed that we did not have to click the scan button for WizTree to start
doing its thing. As soon as we selected a drive or partition, the application
started assessing it. The initial scan assessed the entire drive, and the
analyzer displayed folders and sub-folders, including hidden items, actual
sizes and percentages. It sorted the contents of sub-folders by size, but we
had the option to sort them by:

  * Name 
  * Modification time 
  * Number of folders 
  * Number of files 
  * Number of items 

WizTree also displayed the time it took to complete the analysis in seconds,
which is the ideal measurement because it literally takes seconds to scan
large drives. It works fast because it reads the partitionAs Master File Table
containing all details about stored files. The application provides the choice
to send unwanted files to the recycle bin or delete them permanently.

We opened folders up to the file level, and the application displayed details
for substructures in real time without doing another scan. However, we noticed
that it did not automatically reflect changes we made to drive contents when
it was open.

WizTree has another section that displays the 1,000 files according to their
sizes, which are calculated in terms of the drive percentage occupied. The
context menu that appeared when we clicked on items included options to open
containing folder, start Command Prompt console and copy location path.

**Pros**

  * Portable 
  * Blazing fast 
  * Easy to use 

**Cons**

  * Only compatible with NTFS drives partitions 
  * Does not refresh automatically 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wiztree.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

