# Download: 360 Internet Security v4.9.0.4900

**Short description: **

## A complete security suite to protect your computer from viruses, malware,
phishing sites, and more.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/360inetscrty_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download 360 Internet Security v4.9.0.4900](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/360-Internet-Security_program_91211.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on September 03, 2013_  
  
360 Internet Security 2013 is a standalone antivirus program that is effective
and user friendly. The free antivirus performs well in various tests from
different independent labs, thanks to its powerful features.

**Features:**

  * Uses three antivirus engines: BitDefender local engine, machine learning QVM engine and cloud engine based on 360 checksum 
  * Offers real time protection and gives alerts in case of suspicious access of critical system resources 
  * Provides secure browsing by blocking malicious URLs and phishing websites 
  * Protects privacy by stopping unauthorized access of webcam and keyloggers 
  * Simple and attractive user interface 

**Installation**

We didnAt have to deal with many screens when installing 360 Internet Security
2013. One click accepted the license agreement and started installing the
program, which took slightly less than a minute. However, the initial update
of the antivirus signature took more than 15 minutes.

The antivirus installs relatively fast even on malware-infested systems, and
in case of difficulties, you can install it while running Windows in Safe
Mode.

**Appearance**

Three buttons are prominently displayed on the main program window, which are
used for performing quick, full and custom scans respectively. Small banners
on the lower left corner of the spacious interface provide statistics on
quarantined files and performance while three virus engine icons located below
them animate whenever the engines update. The program version is displayed
just below the icons, and the update link is located on the lower center of
the screen.

Two icons on the lower right corner are for Sandbox and Cleaner, which run
programs in isolation and remove all traces respectively. On the upper right
side is a counter calculating the number of days the free antivirus has been
protecting the computer.

On the upper part of the screen is a pull-down menu that gives access to
controls you can use to adjust the way you want the antivirus to function.

**Using the Virus Remover**

The full scan was divided into five stages:

  1. System settings 
  2. Applications 
  3. Memory 
  4. Startup 
  5. All files 

We could clearly see the steps the antivirus had completed and where it was
scanning. You can choose whether you want the program to have the least impact
possible on performance or the fastest speed. You can also choose to shut down
the computer once the program completes scanning.

Once the virus remover competed scanning, it displayed a simple list of
malware traces, which were not ranked by level of threat or type of malware.
However, the malware type column allowed us to sort and view related traces.

The antivirus did not remove malware traces automatically but allowed us to
choose to clean them. Interestingly, it requested for a quick scan immediately
after completing the cleanup process to detect hidden dangers. When it
encountered a stubborn virus, it requested to re-boot the system to remove it.

To protect against phishing websites, 360 Internet Security also includes the
360 WebShield plug-in for web browsers.

**Conclusion**

360 Internet Security 2013 is a powerful virus remover that uses a behavior-
based detection system to offer extra security.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/360inetscrty.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

