# Download: Baidu Antivirus 4.4.3.64051

**Short description: **

## A free antivirus utility that includes real-time protection and cloud
security.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/baiduantivirus_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Baidu Antivirus 4.4.3.64051](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Baidu-Antivirus_program_88596.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on June 20, 2013_  
  
There are many free antivirus programs, some of which merely give a false
sense of security. How do you know the right PC security software to choose? A
number of factors can help you out, and Baidu antivirus incorporates all the
important factors.

**Baidu Antivirus Features**

  * Multiple Antivirus Engine: The program intelligently selects the right antivirus automatically to help in detecting and removing 99 percent of threats 
  * Realtime System Defense helps to protect the computer at all times 
  * Cloud Security provides ultrafast response to the latest threats 
  * Proactive Defense provides quick response from the cloud to help in blocking viruses 
  * Local virus databases help in detecting viruses localized to particular areas 
  * Free antivirus that provides free upgrades and other free services 

**Installation**

Baidu antivirus installed fast on our system and automatically updated to the
latest version soon after installation. The program recommended that we scan
our PC immediately after the installation, which we did.

**Using Baidu Antivirus**

We decided to perform a full scan as we performed other tasks. It is
recommended that you perform a full scan on a weekly basis and quick scan
daily. The program offers the option to auto process and shut down the
computer after scanning. However, we chose the manual process option. The
program then displayed scan results, which included elapsed time, items
scanned, threats detected and threats removed. It also provided a link to the
quarantine.

**Benefits**

**Lightweight:** The installed program took 54.77MB while others take more than 100MB.

**Resource-friendly:** We could perform other tasks as the antivirus scanned our computer in the background without noticing any lag in performance. Many so-called antivirus programs do not only slow down computers but also fail to detect some threats.

**Efficient:** Baidu antivirus fights all types of infections, including malware, Trojans, worms, malicious websites and phishing. It combines conventional scanning, including USB protection, with cloud security.

**Fast:** Compared to some antivirus programs, Baidu scans computers relatively faster.

**User-friendly:** The relatively few options the software provides make it easy to use. This does not mean it does not perform some important functions. The quarantine option is also good because it allows users to access and scan important files with potential threats.

**Settings**

Baidu antivirus allows users to change a number of settings that determine how
the program works. The possible areas to adjust include general, virus scan,
system protection, proactive defense, update, engine option, USB protection
and advanced settings. The program also provides the option of giving
feedback.

**Drawbacks**

Although the antivirus has many advantages, some users may not be pleased with
a couple of areas:

  * No option to exclude files or folders 
  * No option for scheduling a scan 

**Conclusion**

Baidu is an efficient and simple PC security software that even newbies can
use comfortably.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/baiduantivirus.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

