# Download: Comodo Internet Security 7.0.55655.4142

**Short description: **

## Offers complete protection from viruses, Trojans, worms, buffer overflows,
zero-day attacks, spyware and hackers.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/comodoinetsec5_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Comodo Internet Security 7.0.55655.4142](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Comodo-Internet-Security_program_46193.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Comodo Internet Security is the free, multi-layered, security application that
offers complete protection from viruses, Trojans, worms, buffer overflows,
zero-day attacks, spyware and hackers. Built from the ground upwards with your
security in mind, Comodo Internet Security combines powerful Antivirus
protection, an enterprise class packet filtering firewall, advanced host
intrusion prevention, application control and anti-spyware in one supremely
powerful application.

The latest version sees a major leap forward in security and usability with
the addition of cloud based virus-scanning and behavior analysis of
unrecognized files - making CIS unbeatable at detecting zero-day attacks.
Under default settings, unknown and untrusted files are automatically scanned
by our cloud-based virus scanners then, while the file undergoes behavior
analysis on our cloud server, it is run in a sandbox on your local machine so
that it cannot modify or affect data on your A'realA' system.

Put simply, this ground-breaking method of protecting your PC means that only
trusted applications are allowed to run on your computer. Malware and
untrusted files get nowhere near anything important AND you get to use your
computer without interruption from nagging alerts.

CIS also features a friendly graphical user interface; granular configuration
options; easily understood and informative alerts; wizard-based detection of
trusted zones and much more. Comodo Internet Security delivers enterprise
class protection and can be used out of the box - so even the most
inexperienced users will not have to deal with complex configuration issues
after installation. Comodo Internet Security is available in many different
languages and is free for life.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/comodoinetsec5.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

