# Download: Panda USB Vaccine 1.0.1.4

**Short description: **

## Helps prevent malware infections due to the autorun feature of Windows
Operating Systems.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pandausbvaccine_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Panda USB Vaccine 1.0.1.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Panda-USB-Vaccine_program_50175.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Panda USB Vaccine is a free utility from Panda Security Research which helps
prevent malware infections due to the autorun feature of Windows Operating
Systems. Once executed the user can choose two types of vaccinations: Computer
Vaccination or USB Drive Vaccination.

USB Vaccine allows users to vaccinate their PCs in order to disable autorun
completely so that no program from any USB/CD/DVD drive (regardless of whether
they have been previously vaccinated or not) can auto-execute. This is a
really helpful feature as there is no user friendly and easy way of completely
disabling autorun on a Windows PC.

Panda USB Vaccine can be used on individual USB drives to disable its
autorun.inf file in order to prevent malware infections from spreading
automatically. When applied on a USB drive, the vaccine permanently blocks an
innocuous AUTORUN.INF file, preventing it from being read, created, deleted or
modified. Once applied it effectivelly disables Windows from automatically
executing any malicious file that might be stored in that particular USB
drive. The drive can otherwise be used normally and files (even malware)
copied to/from it, but they will be prevented from opening automatically.
Panda USB Vaccine currently only works on FAT & FAT32 USB drives. Also keep in
mind that USB drives that have been vaccinated cannot be reversed except with
a format.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pandausbvaccine.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

