# Download: RogueKiller 8.8.15

**Short description: **

## A free anti-malware tool to remove malware, rootkits, trojans, worms, and
other malicious programs.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/roguekiller_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download RogueKiller 8.8.15](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/RogueKiller_program_91259.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
_Reviewed on September 09, 2013_  
  
RogueKiller is a free anti-malware program that can help advanced users remove
malicious programs and processes. The application, which is written in C++, is
used to remove rootkits and rogue security software such as ZeroAccess among
other advanced threats. However, its new graphic user interface makes it
suitable for new users who rely on its basic functions. It is a small portable
application that you can save in and run from a flash drive.

**How RogueKiller Works**

The free anti-malware program uses different methods to detect malware,
including:

  * Signature finding or classic anti-malware analysis 
  * Heuristics that involves studying the way malware behaves 
  * Undocumented hacks 

**What RogueKiller Does**

  * Remove malware 
  * Stop malicious services 
  * Find and kill malicious processes, including hidden ones 
  * Unload malicious DLLs from processes 
  * Remove malicious autostart entries 
  * Remove registry hijacks 
  * Fix Proxy, Hosts and DNS hijacks 
  * Fix malicious Master Boot Record (MBR) 
  * Find and restore system files that rootkit has faked or patched 
  * Restore hidden files and shortcuts 

**Using RogueKiller**

We downloaded and saved the executable file on a flash drive. The free anti-
malware program started a pre-scan as soon as we launched it and then gave us
the option to accept or reject the license agreement before proceeding. Pre-
scanning helps to stop any suspicious processes.

Buttons for selecting desired actions are on the left part of the screen.
Hovering over a button displays details about what it does, which is
especially ideal for new users. Below the buttons are check boxes for enabling
or disabling MBR scan, anti-rootkit and verification of fake items. The main
part of the screen is divided into two with the upper portion displaying
status and lower one displaying areas to be scanned.

Once we selected an action, the program ran another scan after completing the
action for verification.

**Pros**

  * Lightweight and portable 
  * Fast 
  * Easy to remove rootkits 
  * Helps to free some memory by terminating processes 
  * Uses low RAM and CPU 
  * Multi-language support 

**Cons**

  * Interpreting results requires advanced knowledge 
  * Can sometimes mark innocent things as suspicious 
  * Sometimes crashes or stops suddenly, requiring a re-start 

Although you can use RogueKiller to remove malware, you must exercise caution
and use common sense or you may create havoc in your Windows registry by
deleting critical entries. Please understand that the application does not
replace your antivirus program. Instead, it can help your antivirus remove
stubborn viruses by terminating their processes to clear the path, as it were.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/roguekiller.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

