# Download: Mobogenie 2.2.0

**Short description: **

## Download apps, transfer files, and manage your Android device with ease.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mobogenie_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Mobogenie 2.2.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Mobogenie_program_89538.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
A _Reviewed on October 23, 2013_  
  
If you want a simple but powerful android manager for your PC, then Mobogenie
is your ideal choice. The free manager replaces the interface software bundled
with your phone-that is if you were lucky to get one. It will allow you to:

  * Download android apps 
  * Backup android smartphone 
  * Restore backed content 
  * Manage texts 
  * Manage media 
  * Manage contacts 

**Installing Mobogenie**

Installing the Windows desktop client was straightforward, and the program
guided us on how to connect our phone. We had to enable USB debugging mode on
the phone and then connect it to the PC via USB cable. We could see a live
preview of our phone on the left part of the display once the software had
detected it.

**Using Mobogenie**

MobogenieAs user interface is easy to understand because the fairly large
icons have their respective names clearly written below them. While there were
features we could not access unless we connected the phone, we could use some
parts even without a phone connection. For example, the program allowed us to
watch and even download videos without the need of a phone connection. We
could later transfer the downloaded videos to the phone.

Mobogenie is a complete android manager that allowed us to access all parts of
our phone on the PC. We could manage data, the smartphone and its resources.
The program made it easy to download android apps that would have taken
frustratingly long to download directly on the smartphone.

The download manager gave us the option to download videos in a variety of
formats and resolutions, from HD format to mobile-friendly 3GP format. The
download progress bar was on the lower left part of the display, including
download speed.

Other things you can download with the program include ringtones, wallpapers,
games and apps. Apps are grouped into several categories, from Books &
Reference to Widgets.

Editing even a few contacts on a phone can be a daunting task. However,
Mobogenie simplifies anything you want to do with your contacts, be it editing
existing contacts, adding new ones or deleting some. You can even import
Outlook or Symbian contacts, and you will find it easy to delete duplicate
contacts. We also found it convenient to compose and send text messages from
the computer.

If you want to backup android content or restore whatAs backed up, you will
need just a click. Additionally, exploring the memory card is as easy as
clicking the Manage SD Card icon.

**Pros**

  * Complete android manager 
  * Easy to use 
  * Offers more options than other similar programs 

**Cons**

  * Inability to connect PC and smartphone via WiFi 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mobogenie.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

