# Download: Nexus Root Toolkit 1.8.2

**Short description: **

## A free tool to easily unlock and root Nexus devices.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nexusroottkt_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Nexus Root Toolkit 1.8.2](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Nexus-Root-Toolkit_program_96230.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on January 08, 2014_  
  
Would you like to unlock Nexus phones? Then Nexus Root Toolkit is your ideal
solution. The program contains all the files required to unlock and root Nexus
devices easily. You can also use it to perform different tasks, including:

  * Rooting and unlocking phones 
  * Flashing the phones back to stock and re-locking them 
  * Installing apps 
  * Setting file permissions 
  * Flashing zips 
  * Backing up and restoring data 
  * Generating bugreports and logcats 
The Toolkit works with both GSM and Verizon versions of Nexus phones. Once it
detects a device, it will download specific files needed for the model to
ensure the latest files are used.

**Using Nexus Root Toolkit**

Although Nexus Root Toolkit performs tasks that many people dread, it features
a minimalistic user interface that allows users to access most functions using
single clicks. There are no extensive menus to plough through in order to use
the program.

Once we had plugged in our Nexus device, a quick start wizard helped us select
its model and the version of Android it was running. The program then took us
to the step where we were required to back up our settings and data. This is a
very important step. The ability to back up and restore data is very important
because the functions Nexus Root Toolkit performs result in total data loss.

We then entered the Initial Setup phase where configurations and drivers were
installed. The program then performed a quick test that confirmed our phone
was ready. In addition to rooting, unlocking, flashing, backing up and
restoring data, the program allowed us to boot .img files to any partition on
the device. Under Options, we could set file associations, disable messages
and configure extra recovery settings.

If you want to get the most out of your Nexus phone, then Nexus Root Toolkit
is a powerful tool that is also user friendly. Even if you had never tried
rooting a phone before, you will not find the program daunting.

Although Nexus Root Toolkit is relatively easy to use, you must note that the
process of rooting phones requires some skills and knowledge of related terms.
Rooting gives you complete control over your phone, but a wrong step can
easily lead to disaster. Thankfully, the program provides plenty of tips and
warnings.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nexusroottkt.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

