# Download: Syncios iPod Transfer 4.0.0

**Short description: **

## Manage apps, photos, music, videos, eBooks, etc. between iPod/iPhone/iPad
and PC.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/syncios_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Syncios iPod Transfer 4.0.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Syncios-iPod-Transfer_program_79276.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Syncios is an easy-to-use yet powerful iOS device manager, which is well-
designed for users who want to manage media contents between iOS devices and
PC freely.

As an iOS manager, Syncios supports accessing any iPod touch, iPhone or iPad
to export apps, photos, music, ringtone, videos, and eBooks to your PC for
backup. Transfer files from your PC to iOS devices will be also available.

With Syncios, you can freely install, uninstall or backup iPad/iPhone/iPod
applications (*.IPA) between PC and iPod/iPhone/iPad. You can also transfer
audio files including music (.*MP3, .*M4A), ringtone (.*M4R), audiobook
(.*M4B) between iPod/iPhone/iPad and PC. Add audio files from your computer to
iOS devices, back up iOS devices contents to PC, delete unwanted audio files
and move audio files to suitable playlist will not be a hard task again.

Syncios supports various image formats, including JPG, JPEG, PNG, BMP, TIF,
TIFF. You can create a new album, transfer images from computer to iOS
devices, delete unwanted image files, back up image files as you wish. Syncios
can also transfer all popular video formats (MOV, M4V, MP4) directly, so you
can freely manage movies, TV shows, music videos between iOS devices and PC,
add local video files to your devices or delete video files. Backup video
files from iPod, iPhone, iPad to your PC is also available. Now, there is no
need to copy music back to your PC to play it.

With Syncios Software, you can play music directly from your iPod, iPhone,
iPad without iTunes. Even create and edit playlists for your iPod/iPhone/iPad,
transfer or delete files between your devices and PC. Syncios is also a
perfect assistant for you to add, delete or backup your local eBooks
((Epub/PDF) seamlessly between your computer and iPod/iPhone/iPad. If you are
still looking for a perfect iOS manager, Syncios will be the best choice.

**Note from FreewareFiles:** The program offers 3rd party software which does not have to be installed to use the software.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/syncios.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

