# Download: Web Cartoon Maker 1.5

**Short description: **

## Free software to produce high quality animated cartoons.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/webcrtoonmkr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Web Cartoon Maker 1.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Web-Cartoon-Maker_program_64773.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on May 29, 2013_  
  
Would you like to make animated cartoons but do not know how to go about it?
If your answer is yes, then Web Cartoon Maker is a suitable tool for you. The
concept of this free animation software was started in 2010 when it was
initially designed as a simple online tool to help people add animation to
their cartoon designs easily. However, it has now evolved into a complete
stand-alone desktop program that does not rely on Web scripts and compilers.

**How it Works**

Web Cartoon maker creates cartoons by compiling C++ scripts. Although this may
sound scary, and you may start thinking that you must be a good programmer to
use the software, you will get many helpful tutorials on its official website
that guide you through the process. The tutorials include practical scripts
that demonstrate how to achieve different results.

Basically, you just need to input the right scripts into the software to
create a variety of animations, including winking, walking and talking.

The software uses "eSpeak" speech engine, which supports many languages and is
compatible with different operating systems, including Windows 7. The speech
engine is relatively small and sounds the same irrespective of the system
used.

**Installation**

Web Cartoon Maker installation file does not come with a complete library of
images, sounds and characters for creating the animated cartoons. Users
download relevant media when they need them. However, those who want to work
entirely from their desktops can download a complete library in zip format.

**Testing Web Cartoon Maker**

We wanted to know the level of programming skills a user needed to use the
free animation software and were pleased to discover that no programming skill
is really required.

Although the software does not work on the "WYSIWYG" principle, the tutorials
and practical examples made it easy to do the right thing. We basically used a
line of code to get the desired result.

We combined text, images and other characters downloaded from the Internet
with the ones on our computer for use in our scripts. We found it convenient
to use the copy and paste feature.

While many free tools for cartoon animation only create short animation gifs,
Web Cartoon Maker allowed us to create a full-length movie. We converted the
movie, which was in AVI format, into DVD. The program also allows conversion
to Blu-ray and uploading to Youtube.

We tried to enlarge the cartoons we created to see their quality. Since the
program uses vector graphics, the quality did not degrade with increase in
size.

While you do not need programming skills to use this free animation software,
the official website provides a book that can teach you how to program so you
can make even better animated cartoons.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/webcrtoonmkr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

