# Download: Auslogics Registry Cleaner 3.5.3.0

**Short description: **

## Detect and fix various Registry errors.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/aus_regcleaner_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Auslogics Registry Cleaner 3.5.3.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Auslogics-Registry-Cleaner_program_98070.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on February 26, 2014_  
  
Auslogics Registry Cleaner is a special program you can use to optimize
Windows registry so that your computer runs at its optimum level. Have you
noticed these signs of instability problems: unusually slow application
response, popping of error messages, freezes or crashes? If you have
experienced any of these problems, then this is the solution you need.

You need Auslogics Registry Cleaner to fix registry errors and stabilize your
computer. One of the major causes of these problems is poorly uninstalled
programs that leave their traces in the registry. Program developers who write
code poorly usually lead to these errors, not PC users who make mistakes
during installation.

**Using Auslogics Registry Cleaner**

We like the programA's ease of use, which allows all levels of PC users to fix
their computers easily. Inexperienced users will not have to struggle with
features they do not understand because the program automatically selects
standard scan options. On the other hand, advanced users can change these
options to suit their preferences.

The programA's interface was plain, and it gave us the option to choose the
sections of registry we wanted to scan. Some of the things users can verify
are fonts, files extensions and associations, startup items, application
events, history lists and installed software.

The cleaner worked fast and completed the whole process of scanning and
repairing within one minute. The program backed up files before deleting them
as a security measure. If we wanted to restore some files, we just needed to
access the Rescue Center under File menu. This means users can fix registry
errors without fear of losing important data.

Advanced users can do several things, including moving selected items to an
ignore list, copying them to clipboard or opening them in the Registry Editor.
They can also set the program to check references to different removable
drives under the Settings menu.

We did not experience any errors when using Auslogics Registry Cleaner. The
program uses low to moderate system resources, which means users can perform
other tasks without problems as it works.

**Verdict**

Auslogics Registry Cleaner is a simple but powerful tool for repairing common
PC errors for smoother operation. You do not have to wait until your PC
develops the problems mentioned above to use the program. It is good practice
to optimize Windows registry regularly.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/aus_regcleaner.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

