# Download: SVERDYSH-HTML Editor 9.0

**Short description: **

## A British HTML and CSS editor. Free for use and distribution.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sverdysh_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SVERDYSH-HTML Editor 9.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SVERDYSH-HTML-Editor_program_50679.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SVERDYSH-HTML Editor is British HTML and CSS editor, absolutely free for use
and distribution. It is an excellent website maker, very handy both for
professional webmasters and novices. It allows you to create websites of any
complexity for yourself and for your clients.

Being so powerful, still the size of the program is so small (3.78MB), that
you can easily keep it on the key ring flash-drive, thus being able to create
websites in internet cafA(c)s etc.

It complies with the standard of SVERDYSH: Ausage without instructionA, which
means that the controls of a program must be self-explanatory and
straightforward to use. SVERDYSH-HTML Editor was designed in such a way that
you do not even need reading help file to start using it. You just open the
program, have a look at the menu bar A and everything is crystal clear for
you. Ten most frequently used commands buttons are operated by buttons.

Nevertheless, a thorough and richly illustrated manual, consisting of six
chapters, is included into help menu.

The editor offers you a lot of handy tools for coding and more than that, you
can create your own tools with the help of the Toolmaker incorporated into the
program. SVERDYSH-HTML Editor is the codersA heaven saving your time,
releasing your creative energy and making you feel more like a designer than a
coder.

Features of SVERDYSH-HTML Editor: default template, home page creation wizard,
child page creation wizard, font formatting control, text formatting controls,
image control, hyperlink control, table control, layout controls, background
color control, color control, CSS modules, list controls, ASCII control, frame
modules, sound controls, video controls, multiplication controls, marquee
(running line) control, Toolmaker control (database supported), collection of
background images etc.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sverdysh.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

