# Download: Dynamics 0.9.1

**Short description: **

## A stylish gadget made to display realtime processor load and RAM use, as
well as temperature data.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dynamics091_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Dynamics 0.9.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Dynamics_program_41801.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Dynamics is a stylish gadget made to display realtime processor load and RAM
use, as well as temperature data in a clear, uncluttered way. Unlike a typical
gadget which is built especially for Windows Vista, Dynamics has been built
with Windows XP users in mind (while still working with Vista).

Curious about how much your computer is thinking about? DonA't bother opening
up the task manager, just glance over to the side of the screen and itA's
right there for you.

Unlike many other monitoring tools, Dynamics is based on simplicity. There are
not any unnecessary features allowing for a clean interface that displays what
you need without the extra baggage. At the same time, new touches have been
added, namely temperature readings. Ever wondered just how hot your computer
can get? ItA's all right here.

Dynamics also has some unique display options to help it suit your needs. For
those who prefer temperatures in degrees Celsius or Fahrenheit - thereA's an
option. An option has been added for reading temperatures in Kelvin for those
who want to show off how their computer can run at "313 degrees". There are
also options for modifying the transparency of the program if it needs to be
hidden or made clearer for certain situations.

Finally, one can also modify the refresh rate of the data shown - anywhere
from 2 seconds to literally 1/30 of a second. Try using the program with
different refresh settings, you may be surprised at how your computer actually
thinks.

**Note:** DynamicsA' ability to read temperatures depends upon oneA's motherboard. While nearly all motherboards made within the past few years support it, some older ones may not. Dynamics has failsafe mechanism so that the program will continue to operate despite an incompatible board. CPU, RAM, and process information are fully compatible with essentially all systems.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dynamics091.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

