# Download: Monitor Information Utility 1.0

**Short description: **

## A small free utility to display information about single or multiple
monitor(s) connected to your computer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/moninfoutil_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Monitor Information Utility 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Monitor-Information-Utility_program_50662.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Monitor Information utility is a small free utility to display information
about single or multiple monitor(s) connected to your computer in a list view.
Main Window of the software utility displays information about dual monitor(s)
connected to a computer. The dual monitors connected to the computer are
configured in such as way that they together extend the displaying area making
one monitor as primary monitor and other monitor as secondary monitor.
Information displayed by the utility includes name, co-ordinates, bits per
pixel and a flag to indicate whether the monitor is primary monitor or not.

The Free software utility displays information about two monitors connected to
a computer. The Monitor Information utility will display information about all
the monitors connected to the computer and is not restricted to display
information only about dual monitors connected to a computer. Download free
Monitor information utility now and know details about multiple monitors
connected to your computer.

Monitor information utility will automatically update itA's list of monitors
whenever you enable / disable a monitor or connect or disconnect any
plug-n-play display modem connected to a monitor. The title bar of the free
software utility displays name of the nearest monitor to the window. In case
you do move the main window of the utility to other monitor(s), the title of
the window will be updated to reflect name of the nearest monitor. Just drag
the application window to any other monitor and notice the name change in the
title of the window. The utility will name the primary monitor as display 1
always.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/moninfoutil.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

