# Download: Greenstone 2.84

**Short description: **

## Software for building and distributing digital library collections.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/greenstone_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Greenstone 2.84](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Greenstone_program_50086.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Greenstone is a suite of software for building and distributing digital
library collections. It provides a new way of organizing information and
publishing it on the Internet or on CD-ROM. Greenstone is produced by the New
Zealand Digital Library Project at the University of Waikato, and developed
and distributed in cooperation with UNESCO and the Human Info NGO. It is open-
source, multilingual software, issued under the terms of the GNU General
Public License. Read the Greenstone Factsheet for more information.

The aim of the Greenstone software is to empower users, particularly in
universities, libraries, and other public service institutions, to build their
own digital libraries. Digital libraries are radically reforming how
information is disseminated and acquired in UNESCOA's partner communities and
institutions in the fields of education, science and culture around the world,
and particularly in developing countries. We hope that this software will
encourage the effective deployment of digital libraries to share information
and place it in the public domain. Further information can be found in the
book How to build a digital library, authored by two of the groupA's members.

The complete Greenstone interface, and all documentation, is available in
English, French, Spanish, Russian and Kazakh. Greenstone also has interfaces
in many other languages. We are looking for volunteers to add new language
interfaces and help maintain existing ones.

Requires Java Runtime Environment. [Get It
Here](http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/greenstone.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

