# Download: Memoriser

**Short description: **

## Remember important information quickly.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/memoriser_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Memoriser](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Memoriser_program_14819.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Memoriser is a utility to help you remember phone numbers, account numbers,
passwords, birthdays and anything that is important for you to remember but
you havenA't actually taken the time or effort to do so.

Define a question with an answer and let Memoriser quiz you until you remember
this questionA's answer without even thinking but just knowing the answer!
Memoriser uses a scoring system to make sure that you focus more on questions
answered incorrectly. Answering a question correctly increments the score.
Correct answers will be asked less frequently than wrong answers.

Lets say you define a question Work of category Telephone Numbers and with the
answer 0123456789. If you get this question wrong Memoriser will quiz you
until you have successfully remembered it. Then it will start with the next
question with the lowest score. After you have successfully answered all your
other questions, Memoriser will quiz your memory for the Work question again.

Oops, you forgot the answer because it was quite a while since this question
was asked and score wrong. But amazingly youA'll notice that this time you
will remember the answer much quicker than the first time! Memoriser will help
you to remember anything with continuous repetition.

I wrote this for myself because I have all these important account numbers and
telephone numbers of friends and am embarrassed that I canA't remember them,
or have really taken the time to even try to memorise them. Memoriser starts
with my PC on startup and I define the time between each question. While my
day progresses I am quizzed on my predefined questions at the scheduled times.
At first it is very frustrating because I keep on forgetting the answers, but
I quickly learned to focus and concentrate a bit harder to remember. In the
end the repetition pays off.

What was quite amazing was that after a couple of days I could remember a 16
digit number without really thinking about what the answer should be.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/memoriser.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

