# Download: Comodo Verification Engine 2.7.0.32

**Short description: **

## A free multi-browser anti-phishing and identity assurance tool.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/comodovengine_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Comodo Verification Engine 2.7.0.32](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Comodo-Verification-Engine_program_49276.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

VerificationEngine (VE) is an innovative free multi-browser anti-phishing &
identity assurance tool to help consumers achieve a new level of online
transactional security two ways. First, it helps consumers differentiate
between AgoodA business-verified gold padlocks from AbadA non-verified ones.
Second, VE can help consumers distinguish between legitimate sites and
fraudulent ones looking to steal your personal information. Get VE for free
now.

Phony websites abound on the World Wide Web, created by scammers hoping to
infect your PC with malware or steal your personal information. Eliminate this
risk with Comodo Verification Engine, a free program helping all Web users
separate the real from the fake.

Verification Engine (VE) couldnAt be simpler: download the free application,
then move your mouse over any logos or log-in boxes on a page youAd like to
verify. If itAs the real deal, a green border will appear around your browser.
(Or, if you prefer, you can program any .WAV file to play upon verifying a
siteAs identity.) A green border means you can rest assured that the site
youAre accessing is not trying to scam you or infect your PC.

VE is also the safest way to protect yourself from email-based Aphishing
attacks,A a common scam on the Web. VE uses browser-independent technology, so
attacks on certain browsers wonAt be able to trick it.

Verification Engine is quick to install, easy to use, and provides the
ultimate layer of security for shopping online, banking online, or simply
surfing your favorite sites.

**Supported Web Browsers:**

  * Internet Explorer 5.01 and above 
  * AOL 1.1 and above 
  * Netscape 8+ (IE mode) 
  * Firefox 1.0.7 and above 
  * Netscape 7.2+ (FF mode) 
  * Mozilla 1.7 and above 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/comodovengine.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

