# Download: FayeTRACKER 3.3.1

**Short description: **

## Allows you to trace and catch hackers' intrusions on your computer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/fayetrckr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download FayeTRACKER 3.3.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/FayeTRACKER_program_77311.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

FayeTRACKER is a replacement application for the netstat feature in Windows.
It offers the same functionality as the netstat command, but has many more
features and it makes it much easier to see how applications are connected to
the Internet. The software doesnA't need installing and running the programA's
executable is all that takes. Fayetracker can be run from USB memory sticks.
After running FayeTRACKER, clicking on the ON button will quickly display all
the Internet connected applications, together with their IP address and port.
The interface of the software changes the color according to the danger posed
by running apps. As such, it stays green if everything is all right and turns
red in case of suspicious applications.

If you are an Internet fan, then you probably have a lot of applications
running on the desktop which are related to the Internet. These applications
can include web browsers, file downloading utilities, communication
applications and so on. Some of these applications can be used by hackers to
have access to your computer and to steal your private and personal
information. ThatA's why it would be a good idea to know how these programs
work and how exactly do they connect to the Internet. The netstat command can
help you in this case, but donA't expect too much from it, as the command is
extremely limited in features. Besides that, itA's difficult to see which IP
belongs to which program using this command.

Using a single click, the user can immediately block suspicious applications,
making them impossible to connect to the Internet and transmit the userA's
personal data, for example. Besides that, the IP used by an application can be
checked online and can have its location verified, by showing it on a map.
Besides that, the program can display the IP address used by virtually any
program that connects to the Internet.

FayeTRACKER is a good way of showing to everybody which application that
connects to the Internet is dangerous and which is not, by scanning their IP
addresses and verifying them online.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/fayetrckr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

