# Download: FREE CompuSec(r) PC Security Suite 5.3

**Short description: **

## A suite of security solutions to protect desktops and notebooks.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/compusec_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download FREE CompuSec(r) PC Security Suite 5.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/FREE-CompuSec-PC-Security-Suite_program_17273.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

FREE CompuSecA(r) is a suite of security solutions to protect desktops and
notebooks. This software is a full product without any limitations and it is
not a demo or trial version.

It provides Pre-boot Access Control requires you to enter your userID and
password before the system will boot up. Once authentication is completed,
FREE CompuSecA(r) will automatically log you into the windows environment and
provide a screen saver lock too. Hard Disk Encryption using AES algorithm
keeps data safe by ensuring fast encryption speeds with minimized effect on
performance. A file encryption function allows users to secure exchange files
via FTP, email attachments etc. Encryption of Diskettes, CD-ROM using CD-Crypt
and removable media eg. Memory Sticks and USB thumb drive allows users to
secure their data between their CompuSecA(r) protected PCs. Encryption of
Server Files & Subdirectories using SafeLan allows users to store and share
encrypted files in a network.

FREE CompuSecA(r) can be deployed as single user installation or be centrally
managed. With central management, the security definitions such as password
lifetime, encryption keys and user access rights can be defined centrally.

FREE CompuSecA(r) is provided FREE from CE-Infosys. Other versions feature the
use of e-IdentityA(r) (a smart card or USB token) or Biometric fingerprint
scanner that will complement your password and store your digital certificates
and provide strong two-factor authentication and access control.

FREE CompuSecA(r) incorporates [ClosedTalk] for encrypted voice communication
as a secure VoIP solution. Existing users using FREE CompuSecA(r) v4.17 &
below, please uninstall your current version of FREE CompuSecA(r) before
installing FREE CompuSecA(r) since upgrade process is unavailable. Upgrade
process is available for existing users using FREE CompuSecA(r) v4.18.1 and
above. Please refer to handbook for instructions.

Free online support is available at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CompuSec

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/compusec.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

