# Download: WebHopper Classic 1.1

**Short description: **

## Tells where an URL (internet address) is located and the route you pass to
reach that URL.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/webhopperclassic_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download WebHopper Classic 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/WebHopper-Classic_program_32860.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

WebHopper is an Internet tool that tells where an URL (internet address) is
located and the route you pass to reach that URL.

Just enter a Web-Address, a URL or an email address and pres "Start" button,
and WebHopper will list all servers and routers that you pass to reach the
destination. WebHopper also gives you some handy information about your system
addresses.

When there is a browser open, by pressing F2, WebHopper will grab the address
and trace the route immediately. Pressing F3 on the other hand will open the
address in WebHopper on your default web browser.

The list of route you pass includes some information like the country where
the server/router/hub is located, the server name and the time it takes to
reach this particular point.

Some server/router that you pass may not respond to the query that WebHopper
sent. In that case the server name and the time to reach will be empty.

The list can also show when there is a bottleneck that cause a delay to
download a page for an example. The point where the time to reach value is
higher is the bottleneck.

You will notice that some URL with country code top level domain is sometimes
located far away from where the country is located.

Reaching two sites located on the same city or country does not always mean
that you will go through the same path. These two sites may have different
internet provider with their own network arrangement.

You may see sometimes that the route that you pass is not the shortest
geographical route. Once again this depends on the arrangement that your
provider has, and your provider with their provider etc. In some case, the
provider may not have a direct link to the destination, or when there are
choices, may be the one further is faster. It is common that when you open a
website located near by, the stream goes first to the other part of the globe
first, and then come back. In some cases the stream goes back and fort because
on some point the server is too busy.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/webhopperclassic.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

