# Download: Video to Video Converter 2.9 Build 2.9.6.11

**Short description: **

## Free video converter rich in features, supports several video formats.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/vid2vidportable_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Video to Video Converter 2.9 Build 2.9.6.11](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Video-to-Video-Converter_program_79676.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on April 12, 2013_  
  
While some programs used to play video are compatible with many formats, there
are still different reasons why someone may want to convert videos from one
format to another. For example, a favorite video may be able to play on your
computer but not on another desired device, such as a large screen television
or a smart phone. Personally, I also like converting video formats to reduce
the amount of space taken without sacrificing quality. Video to video
converter comes in handy in such situations.

**Features**

This is a versatile free video converter that includes several other related
functions. It supports more than 200 input formats, including WMV DVD, MPEG,
MP4, AVI, MKV, 3GP, SWF, FLV and PSP. It can be used to convert both audio and
video files to either XviD or DivX to make them compatible with plasma, LCD,
and LED TVs. The converter can also make videos compatible with almost all
types of portable devices, including iPods, iPads, iPhones and Android smart
phones.

Video to video converter is also compatible with many audio formats, including
MP3, MP2, AC3, AAC, M4A, 3GPP, WAV, MMF, AU, FLAC, IFF and Vorbis among
others.

Video to video converter comes with integrated ffmepg libraries that are not
installed on the operating system. It is also built on AVIsynth and DVDAuthor
open source apps.

Video to video converter has many useful features:

  * Video to Thumbnails Tool 
  * Video to Images Tool 
  * Images to Video - Picshow Tool 
  * Commercial Remover Tool 
  * Video DVD burning tools 
  * DVD Ripper 
  * Video filters 
  * Video presets 
  * Video splitter 
  * Video joiner 

The embedded DVD ripper supports subtitles in foreign languages. Users can cut
or join parts of videos they are interested in to come up with their own
productions and even add watermarks to the converted files. The Live Preview
function allows you to watch how your converted videos will appear. You may
also take snapshots of desired sections.

**How it Works**

The simple user interface divides profiles into tabs that display various
options that make it suitable for both inexperienced and experienced users.
Those with little experience only need to select their desired format while
experienced users can make several modifications on the output, including
resolution, display size and frame rate. Video to Video Converter supports
more than 700 output presets. The profiles are organized by device type,
making it easy for inexperienced users to handle.

Once you have made the required selections, the program returns to the main
window where you can click to start the conversion process. We have compared
it with several other converters and find its conversion speed relatively
faster and it performs all the functions we tested compared with three
different video converters.

Although Video to Video Converter installs easily, it's also available as a
[portable application](http://www.freewarefiles.com/Video-to-Video-Converter-
Portable_program_79677.html).

**Pros**

  * Supports large number of input and output formats 
  * Video DVD burning and ripping tools 
  * Supports audio conversion 
  * Easy to use 

**Cons**

  * None 

Overall, Video to Video Converter is an excellent free video converter that
provides users with all the functionality one would need in addition to
impressive bonus features.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/vid2vidportable.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

