# Download: XMedia Recode 3.1.8.5

**Short description: **

## XMedia Recode can convert almost all known audio and video formats.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/xmediarecode_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download XMedia Recode 3.1.8.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/XMedia-Recode_program_47942.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on October 02, 2013_  
  
If you have ever wanted to convert either audio or video from one format to
another, then there are high chances XMedia Recode will suit your needs. This
free video converter is compatible with nearly every video and audio format,
and it is suitable for both advanced and novice users. It can even convert
Blu-Ray discs and DVDs so long as they are not protected.

**Features:**

  * Conversion of both video and audio 
  * Audio extraction from videos 
  * Video editing 
  * Color correction 
  * Selectable frame color 
  * Drag and drop support 
  * Zooming 
  * Picture size selection 
  * Ability to adjust resolution, bitrate and framerate 
  * Direct stream copy capability 
  * Volume correction 
  * 2-Pass encoding 

**Installing and Using XMedia Recode**

XMedia Recode installed fast without any hitches and gave us the option to
launch it immediately, which we did. The simple user interface hid the
advanced options well, making it friendly to basic users.

When we opened a video file to convert, the free video converter displayed its
file name, length, video and audio type, chapters and subtitle. Double-
clicking the file provided more comprehensive details. The program gave us 60
profiles to choose from depending on the device we wanted the converted file
to be compatible with. It gives the names of specific devices, which makes it
easy for beginners to choose the model they want. For example, when you click
on Samsung, the program gives a long drop-down list containing different
Samsung models.

We first converted the video using the custom profile without making any
adjustments besides choosing the desired output format. What can confuse some
users is the term used for the conversion button. If you are looking for a
button written "Convert", then you will be lost because the button uses the
term "Encode". Although this is the right technical term, it can easily leave
beginners stumped. We also noticed that the encode button only became active
after we clicked the AAdd JobA button.

When we made some adjustments as to how the output file should appear, the
conversion process took notably longer.

We used XMedia Recode as a free audio converter with satisfactory results. The
program also allowed us to extract audio from video files.

Once XMedia Recode had encoded the files, it displayed the total processing
time. You can choose what you want to happen after conversion completes,
including exiting the program, going to standby, logging off, shutting down
computer, rebooting or doing nothing.

In addition to the settings for converting specific files, the Preferences tab
under Options allows users to adjust how the program works in general.
However, there is no help file. The Help button takes you to a Website that
only displays a screenshot of the programAs display, which is in German.

**Pros**

  * Easy to use 
  * Compatible with almost all video and audio file formats 
  * Has advanced options for expert users 
  * Makes fast conversions 
  * Gives previews of jobs 

**Cons**

  * Only accepts importing of subtitles but not manual additions 
  * Covert button has a technical term that can confuse beginners 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/xmediarecode.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

