# Download: CutTheCosta v070505

**Short description: **

## Cut the Costa! The worlds largest flights database for finding budget
flights.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cutthecosta_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download CutTheCosta v070505](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CutTheCosta-V_program_25879.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

CutTheCosta.com has just launched the largest flight database ever created.
With over 64,000 flights representing over 240 airlines in 202countries,
CutTheCosta.com is confident it can offer its users a choice of airlines that
will take them to their chosen destination. And best of all.....its FREE!

Faye OA'Neill, the creator of CutTheCosta.com is keen to promote the Linux and
Mac versions of the program. "A large proportion of visitors to our website
are Linux and Mac users, we didnA't feel it would be fair to ignore them by
just releasing a Windows version."

The conversion of the program from Windows to Linux and Mac was surprisingly
easy - it took about 30 minutes, we donA't really understand why other
companies donA't release their programs simultaneously on both platforms. Not
releasing to Linux and the Mac makes no sense!

The search method is extremely fast with results being displayed as you type.
By using the program you can find cheaper or alternative places to book your
flights. For example in the UK most people searching for a cheap flight from
Manchester to Tenerife would find MyTravel or FirstChoice, with CutTheCosta
there are 7 more airlines to choose from!

The program is very easy to use, you just enter where you want to go from and
where you want to go to - it will instantly display who flies that route.
Click the travel operators icon to visit their site.

A bonus feature for the program is the A'find connectionsA' button, with it
you can find extra routes that are made from two others.

CutTheCosta.com couldnA't be any easier and is setting its sights on being the
worldA's no 1 information database for budget flights.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cutthecosta.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

