# Download: Rapidshare Search Engine Script 1.0

**Short description: **

## Free PHP Rapidshare search engine script to create your own file search
engine website.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/rpdshrsrchscrpt_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Rapidshare Search Engine Script 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Rapidshare-Search-Engine-Script_program_85579.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Free PHP Rapidshare search engine script allows you to create your own file
search engine website in a minute which is able to search for shared files
from various file hosting sites like: FileServe, Megaupload, 4shared,
Rapidshare, Hotfile, Mediafire, Netload and many others.

100% automated file search engine cum autoblogging script and dosenA't
required any manual efforts or works at all. Users can search and download
over a billion files for various extensions in every possible categories i.e
softwares, movies, tv shows, games, torrents, mp3, dvds etc for free. Unlike
other file search engines it also provide details description of the file
along with size, extension etc.

Very SEO friendly. No database support required. Easy one minute installer and
solid backend admin panel included to customize your installation to monetize
with proper ads (Adsense ready). Disk caching enabled to serve maximum
requests even on low powered free or shared hosting servers.

100% automatic. 100% autoblogging with unique articles for file description.
Related suggestion from Google, Bing. Seo optimized keyword rich URL, Meta
tags (keywords, description) and page generation. Search engines crawlers
friendly interlinked pages.

Easy installation (server compatibility check). Strong admin panel. Ads ready
(five ads modules, ppc, cpa, affiliates, intext). Inbuilt hit counter. Ajax
description and download links. Google analytics or hit counter enabled. Auto
ping. Auto update supported. Rss feeds - random rss feed to get back links
from rss news aggregator directories. Disk based database support, no sql
support required. Disk caching. Bad words filtering to stop showing ads.
Browser bookmark and firefox search plug-in and open search descriptor.
Sinkable templates. Music top hundred mp3 search engine included. Very
lightweight to serve maximum request. Above all itA's free.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/rpdshrsrchscrpt.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

