# Download: FireScope Workbench 2.8.0

**Short description: **

## Free IT service modeler and SNMP walker/browser.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/firescopewrkbnch_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download FireScope Workbench 2.8.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/FireScope-Workbench_program_43807.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

FireScope Workbench is a collection of free tools designed to make life easier
for IT professionals. This version currently includes a Service Modeler with
dependency discovery and MIB walker and MIB importer, with additional plugins
under development. FireScope Workbench is built using JavaA's Standard Widget
Toolkit (SWT), and is capable of periodically checking for updates and deliver
single-click installation of new features as they are published.

The MIB (Management Information Base) Walker and Browser Tool collects
information about your SNMP-enabled networked devices by walking the SNMP tree
for a target device and polling the current value of every OID (Object
IDentifier) the device supports. Third-party MIBA's can be imported using the
MIB Importer plugin with point and click ease.

Recently added Ping Sweep utilities can scan large IP ranges in seconds, with
DNS lookup of responding hosts, and is exportable to CSV or XML files.

Once youA've walked an SNMP device, you can create real-time graphs of the
value of any OID or you can export the walk to an XML file. This file can then
be uploaded to FireScope BSM to be added as a managed asset.

The Service Modeler component in FireScope Workbench enables you model your IT
Services in an easy to use interface that includes discovery capabilities to
do all the legwork for you. Simply create your Service Group containers and
scan your network to begin mapping your IT Services and their dependent
networked assets.

Once youAve built your service model, an export to XML function provides a
standards-compliant format for importing into Visio or any other network
visualization tool, or into any monitoring and management solution that
supports XML import.

In addition to using FireScope Workbench as an independent application, it can
connect with the FireScope Business Service Management (BSM) or FireScope
Configuration Management (CMDB) solution to simplify configuration for rapid
time to value.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/firescopewrkbnch.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

