# Download: Hyper V Configuration Tool 1.0

**Short description: **

## Configure Power Operations, Boot Sequence, CPU and Memory of a VM.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/hypervconfig_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Hyper V Configuration Tool 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Hyper-V-Configuration-Tool_program_66365.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Virtual MachineA's emulates all aspects of an actual computer and creates a
separate environment for running operating system. Each operating system is
logically isolated with host server and also multiple such VMs running
simultaneously on the same host physical server. Virtual servers provide great
cost benefits as opposed to real physical server. This encourages people to
run many applications and services on these virtual servers. The application,
that is running within the virtual servers need to be running all the time.
Any outage or performance degradation in the virtual servers, will affect the
applications and services running on them, resulting in a bad user-experience.
Hence it becomes imperative to monitor and manage those virtual servers
continuously at all times so that you know early enough about a possible
problem, before it translates into substantial loss of revenue.

The "ManageEngine HyperV Configuration Tool" free tool addresses this
requirement. The ManageEngine HyperV Configuration tool, provides easy to use
intuitive user interface to configure Power Operations, Boot Sequence, CPU &
Memory. It also monitors important parameters of Microsoft Hyper V platform.
This tool fetches comprehensive data about the servers and virtual machines
and presents them as visually elegant graphs and reports in a desktop tool
dashboard providing wealth of information and the real-time functioning of the
virtual servers. This tool shows the actual resource utilization of the
virtual servers along with CPU usage, Memory details, Disk and Network
utilization of each guest operating system on Microsoft HyperV Environment.

The ManageEngine HyperV Configuration Free Tool serves as a smart desktop tool
that continously monitors HyperV, a Microsoft virtual server, across your
network, giving you real-time insight into your monitoring need. The tool
helps to track VMA's health and ensures your mission-critical applications run
smoothly by supporting configuration.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/hypervconfig.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

