# Download: PRTG Network Monitor 14.2.9.1689

**Short description: **

## A network monitor featuring advanced data acquisition and detailed
reporting.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/prtgnetmon_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PRTG Network Monitor 14.2.9.1689](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PRTG-Network-Monitor_program_43396.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

An advanced, easy-to-use monitoring solution for your entire network. The
softwareA's features include: up/downtime monitoring, traffic and usage
monitoring, packet sniffing, in-depth analysis and concise reporting. A user-
friendly web-based interface allows users to quickly auto-discover and
configure the network devices and sensors they wish to monitor. All common
methods for acquiring network usage data are supported: SNMP and WMI, Packet
Sniffing and NetFlow.

It also offers SMTP/IMAP Roundtrip-Email Monitoring and VMware Monitoring,
Toplists for Packet Sniffing and Netflow Sensors, as well as sensor
aggregation using its built-in Sensor Factory.

PRTG Network Monitor includes more than 40 sensor types for all common network
services (e.g. PING, HTTP, SMTP, POP3, FTP, etc.), allowing users to monitor
networks for availability, speed and failures. As soon as an outage occurs,
alerts are sent via email, SMS, pager messages and other means. Request times
and downtimes are recorded in an internal database, making it easy to compile
performance, downtime and SLA reports. Monitoring, reporting and notifications
can be automatically scheduled at specific times. Network maps can be created
which provide users with a unique visual network management tool.

PRTG Network MonitorA's Freeware Edition is completely free for personal and
commercial use. The Commercial Editions are required if you want to monitor
more than ten sensors.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/prtgnetmon.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

