# Download: SmartStartMenu 1.55

**Short description: **

## Run almost any program with a three or four key-stroke effort.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/smartstartmenuph_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SmartStartMenu 1.55](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SmartStartMenu_program_22205.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SmartStartMenu for Windows essentially turns the process of running almost any
program into a three or four key-stroke effort. SmartStartMenu does this for
you by automatically generating "on-the-fly" alphabetized lists of items from
your start menu (or SmartStartMenuA's internal history) based on what you
type!

If you ever use the A'StartA' menu to run programs you will find this tool is
a much better way to find the menu item you are looking for. Since
SmartStartMenu is based on your A'StartA' menu there is no "alias" database to
maintain, there is no "alias configuration" interface to learn. You can change
the keystrokes you use to access menu items through SmartStartMenu by changing
your A'StartA' menu directly.

With a little tweaking of your A'StartA' menu you can configure any program
that you want to be run by any three or four letter key-stroke that you want.
As you type into SmartStartMenu a type-ahead style list is generated on the
fly from your A'StartA' menu or SmartStartMenu history. Select the item you
want (or just press the A'EnterA' key if the item is already selected) and the
program is started just as if you had selected it from the A'StartA' menu
directly.

It is actually VERY simple. You can also type a path such as c:\Program Files
or \\\SHDEV01\share1 to open your file explorer, a web site URL such as
www.planetharrington.com to open your web browser, or even a system command
such as cmd to open a DOS box.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/smartstartmenuph.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

