# Download: StartMenu 8+ 1.0

**Short description: **

## A free utility that brings back the classic Start Menu for Windows 8/8.1
users.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/startmenu8plus_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download StartMenu 8+ 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/StartMenu-8_program_99113.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on April 08, 2014_  
  
StartMenu 8+ is a free application that creates a Windows 8 Start Menu with
two possible options. You can choose to use the classic Start Menu without
replacing the Metro interface of Windows 8. Alternatively, you may substitute
the interface completely with the Classic Start Menu.

**Features:**

  * Enables and disables the charms bar and hot corners 
  * Enables and disables the Metro interface on windows 8 and 8.1 
  * The ability to perform search on the Start Menu 
  * Ability to pin applications to the Start Menu 
  * Displays recently used files for the pinned applications 
  * Can enable transparency 
  * Supports over 40 languages 

**Using Start Menu 8+**

The application installs easily, and you can create a desktop shortcut during
the installation. We could bring it up either by clicking on the Windows key
or moving our mouse to the lower left corner of the screen but not in the hot
corner that normally activated the Metro interface. The Start button resided
just above the taskbar. However, its features resembled those of the Windows 7
Start Menu. If Windows 8 Metro is disabled, the Start button takes the
position of the hot corner.

Start Menu 8+ included shortcuts to common folders like Documents, Downloads,
Music and Pictures. It also provides easy access to the Control Panel and
power options.

Although the program had predefined programs, we could delete the ones we did
not want. We noticed that it included some programs that we did not have on
our system. The program also allowed us to create shortcuts to the
applications we used frequently. It made the process simple because it added
the ability to send applications to the Start Menu within the WindowAs context
menu.

The Settings panel allowed us to configure Start Menu 8+ to suit our
preferences. For example, we could adjust the dimension of the Start icon or
make the Start Menu transparent. If you disable the hot corners, charms bar
and Metro Start interface, then you must restart your computer to activate the
settings.

**Pros**

  * Simple user interface 
  * Easy to use 
  * Multilingual 
  * Allows users who donAt like hot corners and Metro interface to disable them 

**Cons**

  * None so far 

If you love Windows 8 except for its Metro features, then StartMenu 8 + will
help you use it as you would Windows 7.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/startmenu8plus.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

