# Download: Local Cooling 1.04

**Short description: **

## Help fight global warming from your desktop.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/localcooling_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Local Cooling 1.04](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Local-Cooling_program_33407.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

HereA's something that every computer user worldwide can do from their
desktop, right now, to reduce the output of CO2 from their computer and itA's
totally free. LocalCooling.com is a brand new project from the labs at Uniblue
Systems. The new downloadable application will automatically optimize the
power settings on a PC, by using a more efficient and effective power save
mode. An easy-to-use interface allows users to change their default power
settings, meaning savings on electricity bills for the users, and therefore a
reduction in the amount of Greenhouse Gas that results from powering a
computer.

The LocalCooling.com website updates the results in real time for power
savings, and translates this into meaningful environmental terms, such as how
many trees and barrels of oil have been saved since the LocalCooling.com
Community started. As word spreads and more people download the application,
the website will display the rapid increases in the savings made globally.
Members can set up Individual, Team and Company Accounts showing the savings
for one, two or a whole office network of PCs. There is a fun aspect to
LocalCooling.com, as users can compete with each other in the ATop 100A League
Tables of the biggest savers worldwide.

UniblueA's goal is to introduce 100 million PC users to the LocalCooling.com
Community. With that many members, the community could prevent over 30 billion
kWh of gas emissions each year A amounting to a saving of around $3 billion on
energy costs alone. For more information about the impact computers have on
the environment, see www.localcooling.com

LocalCooling.com is a non-commercial website and is not a selling platform. It
is malware free, carries no advertising, political content or bias in any way.
It has been developed specifically to help in the fight against global
warming; to demonstrate that individuals can take action and make a real
difference to an issue of global importance. By joining the LocalCooling.com
Community, PC users can work together to bring about a positive, noticeable
change to the future of our planet.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/localcooling.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

