# Download: Excel to PDF Converter 0.8.0

**Short description: **

## Free and open source software to convert from Excel to PDF.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/excel2pdfcvtr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Excel to PDF Converter 0.8.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Excel-to-PDF-Converter_program_55108.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Excel to PDF converter is a free and open source application that enables you
to create PDF documents from your Excel workbooks.

Excel to PDF Converter also allows you to easily embed a creative commons
license in your PDF file. Excel to PDF Converter is easy to use. Just click
the button to save your PDF.

The program is free! It does not cost anything to use (free as in beer), and
is also open-source, licensed under the GPL (free as in speech).

Most free PDF conversion utilities lose your hyperlinks during the conversion.
After conversion, you end up with blue underlined text, but it is not
clickable. Excel to PDF Converter preserves your links and keeps them working
in the resulting PDF file. Whether they point to a web page, or internal links
to a target cell in the sheet.

Excel to PDF Converter gives you the option of embedding a Creative Commons
license in your PDF. Publishing your PDF under a Creative Commons license
allows colleagues, bloggers, social media sites and even newspapers to
republish your work and create new content based on it as long as they clearly
state that you are the creator. This way, your work gets spread around much
faster and you retain the credit for it. You can learn more about the Creative
Commons at www.creativecommons.org

Excel to PDF Converter is compatible with Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, Vista
and Windows 7, as well as Microsoft Excel 2000, XP, 2003 and Excel 2007.

**Source Code:**

Source code for Excel to PDF Converter is available as a zip file here:
<http://download.cogniview.com/XL2PDFConverter-Source.zip>,

or browse through it here:

<http://www.cogniview.com/sourcecode-docs/excel-to-pdf-converter/excel-to-pdf-
converter-source.php>

The code is written in C++, and includes project files for Microsoft Visual
Studio 6. Additional source files for libraries used to compile the source are
needed from different locations; the links to those sites are detailed in the
A'Building.txtA' file that can be found in the archive.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/excel2pdfcvtr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

