# Download: PCS PDF Creator 1.0

**Short description: **

## Create professional PDF files from any document that is from Microsoft
Office.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pcspdfcrtr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PCS PDF Creator 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PCS-PDF-Creator_program_69102.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

PCS PDF creator comes with easy to use features and offers many easy upgrades.
This is a handy little PDF application that helps the user create professional
PDF files from any document that is from Microsoft Office. PCS Creator also
offers you the ability to change the output quality and docuemnet properties
of the PDF.This was developed with Microsoft Formats in mind. Some of the best
things about this software include fast and easy conversions that keep the
format of text, pictures, and urlA's.

How it Works  
Open your word document that needs to be converted to a PDF and then start
printing process. Do this by pressing CTRL+P and choose to send file to PCS
PDF Creator. After that, PCS will open automatically. You will see the same
window as you see for the Customize PCS feature.

In there, you can set all kinds of changes, such as quality of PDF, document
properties and security options like setting a password. ItA's really simple
to use it and it gives you extra options. You can get a lot out of this
freeware PDF creator download. It also has a very easy to use user interface
that anyone can understand and operate.

PCS PDF Creator is brought to you through YourPDFConverter. This beneficial
free PDF solution gives fantastic downloads, support, and stable solutions for
anyone to use. More benefits of this PDF Creator include the ability to create
professional PDF files from almost any format. You can do conversions from
Word, Excel, Powerpoint, CAD, and many other formats into clean PDF files.

**System Requirements:**

  * Operating System: WindowsA(r) 98, MEA(r), Windows NTA(r), 4.0, 2000, XPA(r), Windows VistaA(r), Windows 7A(r) 
  * Additional Software: Microsoft OfficeA(r) 2000, 2002/XP, 2003 or 2007 
  * Processor: PentiumA(r) processor, or equivalent 
  * Hard Drive Space: 12MB of available hard-disk space 
  * Memory: 64MB RAM 
  * Monitor: VGA 16 color 640x480 screen resolution 
  * Ghostscript 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pcspdfcrtr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

