# Download: Energy3D v3.0

**Short description: **

## Design and analyze 3D model green buildings.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/energy3d_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Energy3D v3.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Energy3D_program_88208.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on June 11, 2013_  
  
Would you like to teach children to easily create environmentally friendly 3D
building designs on a computer? Then Energy3D is the right building design
software for you. The software has a simple interface that allows the students
to sketch even an entire village quickly. Children will easily design green
houses like professionals while enjoying the simple and engaging processes.

Energy3D brings the power of 3D modeling to children aged between six and
eighteen years old. The program has 21 buttons that allow users to create
their designs and make necessary adjustments. The building design software
works on the What You See Is What You Get A WYSIWYG A principle, which makes
it easy for the students to make the designs.

**How It Works**

We created a platform simply by clicking on the relevant button and dragging
the mouse on the window. The window had a checked pattern that made it easy to
make correct dimensions and create natural-looking designs because the boxes
at the lower part are largest while the ones at the top are smallest.

The next button allowed us to draw a wall on the platform we had created. We
could re-size the walls to our desired dimensions, and add more walls to
create enclosures. We then clicked on a button and dragged the mouse to lay
our ground floor. Four adjacent buttons gave the appearance of different types
of roofs. Clicking on a button and clicking a wall added the chosen roof type.
Clicking another button instantly changed the type of roof, and there were
white circles that we used to adjust the size.

Creating a window was as easy as clicking on the window button and dragging
the mouse to the wall where we wanted to put our window. We would also adjust
its size using white circles on its corners. The Print Preview button gave us
images of the complete design and each of its sides, which we could print, cut
out and use to assemble a physical structure.

There are Zoom and Move buttons that allow users to focus on specific parts of
their designs. There is also an Undo button that the students can use to make
changes. In addition, the program features a helidon that can be used to
analyze solar heating for the designed buildings and generate radiation heat
maps for all 12 months.

**Conclusion**

Although Energy3D has only basic features, they suffice to teach students 3D
modeling and help them create realistic-looking designs. The building design
software is available for both Windows and Mac OS X, and it requires Java
1.7+. You can download either a Web installer or complete ZIP installer, which
is 15MB.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/energy3d.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

