# Download: Molecular Workbench 1.3

**Short description: **

## Open-source modeling program that was specifically designed for use in
education.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/molecularworkbench_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Molecular Workbench 1.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Molecular-Workbench_program_18488.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Molecular Workbench (MW) is a free and useful open-source modeling program
that was specifically designed for use in education. Powered by a set of real-
time particle simulation engines that compute and visualize the motion of
particles interacting through force fields, in both 2D and 3D, it is a
simulation platform for learning science. Many abstract concepts in physics,
chemistry and biology can be dynamically visualized, and virtual experiments
that are only limited to your imagination can be designed.

MW provides an easy-to-use authoring system for creating model-driven
activities with customized interfaces. Novice users can operate this authoring
system just like using a word processor. Macro languages are provided to
advanced users for constructing and controlling models in a more flexible way.

The customizability of models through the authoring system allows you to
design user interfaces appropriate to your audience, without having to get
them involved in the complexity of the modeling engines. Moreover, MW is a
special web browser for getting models and activities made by using its unique
authoring system. This results in the ease of distribution of your work. You
can independently put your work on the Internet in exactly the same way as you
deal with the HTML pages, and they can be opened by anyone using MW in exactly
the same way a web page is opened using a conventional browser.

In addition, MW offers a built-in assessment system that, together with the
authoring system, enables you to design questions and mine data on your own. A
database that has already collected thousands of student reports composed of
questions and answers and snapshot images taken from simulations is also
available for analysis. (See sample reports.)

MW is also the principal software that runs the activities in the more
pedagogy-oriented MOLO and MOLIT databases. MW has reached the milestone of
10,000 downloads worldwide (click here to view a map of global use of MW).

Requires Java Runtime Environment. [Get It
Here](http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp).

  
  
Screenshot:
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/molecularworkbench.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

