# Download: TeXstudio 2.7.0

**Short description: **

## An integrated writing environment to create and edit Latex documents.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/texstudio_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download TeXstudio 2.7.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/TeXstudio_program_93788.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on November 13, 2013_  
  
If you would like to create LaTeX documents, then TeXstudio is a handy tool
for you. This LaTex editor provides an integrated writing environment that
makes it comfortable and easy to create LaTeX documents. The open source
program includes many useful features and is compatible with all major
operating systems.

**TeXstudio Features**

  * Customizable menus, shortcuts and toolbars 
  * Auto completion 
  * Block cursors 
  * Bookmarks 
  * Context menus 
  * Link overlay 
  * Jump to error locations 
  * Direct access to over 1000 mathematical symbols and many LaTeX tags 
  * Drag and drop support for images 
  * Template system 
  * Table-formatting 
  * Advanced build system 
  * Ability to keep the overview 

**Using TeXstudio**

TeXstudio features a friendly user interface that makes it easy to build,
manage and compile LaTeX documents. The program allowed us to create projects
from templates or start from scratch.

We started by configuring the TeXstudio and other related commands by
selecting the AOptionsA menu and selecting the AConfigure TeXstudioA command.
We could also add our commands using the ABuildA command under AConfigure
TeXstudio.A

The left pane gave us access to various tools we could use for different
functions, including structure, accented letters, Greek letters, arrow and
relation symbols, operator, bookmarks and delimiters among others. As a
result, we found it relatively easy to create our documents.

We could insert mathematical functions and other LaTeX commands in addition to
macros and bibliography entries. If you do not like the result of what you
have done, you can always use the AUndoA feature. The program is also
compatible with different line operations, including duplication, moving and
erasing. It allows users to analyze text, and its ability to jump to error
locations makes it easy to make necessary corrections.

TeXstudio allowed us to save the settings we used and profiles we created so
we could use them later.

Browsing documents is easy because the AStructure ViewA on the left panel
gives quick access to all parts of a document. We only had to click on
specific items such as section or label to go to the start of the relevant
area. We could see the cursor position in the AStructure ViewA as the
corresponding background would turn grey. The view updated automatically as we
typed.

The AAuto CompletionA feature made it easy to add LaTeX tags. All we had to do
to get a list of possible tags was type a relevant letter after pressing /. Of
course, typing more letters filtered the list further.

TeXstudio is a very responsive LaTex editor although it requires a
considerable amount of system resources.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/texstudio.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

