# Download: Download Accelerator Plus v10.0.5.9

**Short description: **

## A fast and popular download manager.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dap10_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Download Accelerator Plus v10.0.5.9](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Download-Accelerator-Plus_program_18288.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Download Accelerator Plus (DAP) 10 accelerates your downloads to the fastest
possible speed. DAP provides file management tools that allow you to download
efficiently and save time. DAPA's patented, award winning, multi-channel
technology empowers you to download videos, applications, photos and music
files with a higher level of speed and efficiency.

DAP 10A's Video Downloader and Converter lets you download web videos from
such sites as Facebook and DailyMotion and is not just the fastest and easiest
to use, but it also supports more sites than any other Video Downloader.
Instant Video Play lets you watch and listen to your content as you download
and within seconds from starting to download. The new DAPsters Manager feature
offers a one-click solution for downloading from hosting sites such as
RapidShare and Hotfile.

DAP 10 Link Checker validates the download link directly from the browser. The
new DAP includes past favorite features such as the Automatic Mirroring Speed
Boost that switches to mirror sites for a faster downloading experience. Your
privacy and security are never compromised with DAPA's innovative download
security technology. SpeedbitA's Multi Anti-Virus (MAV) technology lets you
receive notice of threats from the most popular anti-virus programs, helping
you protect your computer from harmful viruses. Speedbit Video Accelerator
seamlessly uses the cutting-edge acceleration technology to significantly cut
down web videos loading time, reducing annoying buffering and pauses. Using
Speedbit Video Accelerator you will watch videos on Facebook, DailyMotion and
the hottest video sites smoothly, and it will also accelerate your iTunes
downloads. With SpeedbitA's translation wiki and thanks to the help of
SpeedbitA's millions of users worldwide, DAP was translated to 48 languages.

**Note from FreewareFiles:** The setup program includes 3rd party software which does not have to be installed in order to use the software.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dap10.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

