# Download: eEyes Temporary Workaround 1.0

**Short description: **

## A free and very useful security patch for Internet Explorer exploit code
(JScript Vulnerability).

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/eeyepatch_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download eEyes Temporary Workaround 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/EEyes-Temporary-Workaround_program_19396.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

eEye Digital Security is advising customers to the existence of exploit code
that targets a critical security vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer.
The exploit pertains to an unpatched vulnerability that has been released on
various public mailing lists.

This issue affects any Windows operating system running Internet Explorer
versions 5.01 SP4 through 6.0 SP1. The vulnerability results from the method
in which Internet Explorer handles HTML Objects. This flaw allows for remote
code to be executed on the target system. If successfully exploited, an
attacker will only have the rights of the currently logged on user. System
Administrators should be careful to not use Administrator accounts for general
system use.

Currently, there have been numerous reports of this vulnerability being used
on various websites in attempts to install Spyware and remote control "bot"
software for use in Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks. The
recommended action required to protect systems against this attack is to
disable Active Scripting from within Internet Explorer.

eEye Digital SecurityA's Research Team has confirmed that eEyeAs Blink host-
based intrusion prevention solution protects from the exploitation of this
Internet Explorer flaw without requiring invasive firewalling, or the presence
of any patch. Current Blink customers should ensure that the Application
Protection is enabled in their Blink policies.

Additionally, eEye Digital SecurityAs Research Team has released a workaround
for the vulnerability as a temporary measure for customers who have not yet
installed Blink. eEyeAs Temporary Workaround is a free and very useful
security patch for Internet Explorer. This workaround is not meant to replace
the forthcoming Microsoft patch, rather it is intended as a temporary
protection against this flaw. Organizations should only install this patch if
they are not able to disable Active Scripting as a means of mitigation.

**Requirements**: This patch only supports Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6.0 on Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/eeyepatch.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

