# Download: Halt! v1.2

**Short description: **

## Block internet sites that you do not want to be displayed on your PC.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/haltcontrol_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Halt! v1.2](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Halt-V_program_21021.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Create your own list of sites that you want to block and specify categories
with you own blocking rules. You can block any site and this program doesnA't
depend on the browser that you use. Setup will ask you for username and
password that will be used for stopping of blocking service.

After installation, run Halt! Control Center. The control center has 3 main
frames. The left frame will list sites with their categories. The top right
frame will list categories. The Bottom right frame will set schedules.

Start by adding a category: add a category name like "$$$", add a description
"High Risk Gambling", set the blocking rule for this category "Always" and a
date when this rule should expire "01/Jan/2007". (If you set the block to
Schedule it will display the schedule frame and you can specify times when
access is blocked/permitted)

The next column is called Change. This is the time delay which will be applied
to this category if you decide to change the blocking rules, or if you amend a
sites category. So if you set Change to "one month", and later decide to
change the blocking rule from Always to schedule it will take 1 month to apply
the rule change. Or, if you try to change the category for a site from "$$$"
to something else it will take 1 month to take effect.

When you have set the category name, description, Blocking rule, Expiry Date
and Change delay you can click "Add Category". It should add the category to
the list. Now we can add sites and assign this category. In the left frame
(Sites), add a site URL (without the prefix http://) e.g. www.blockme.com Use
the dropdown list to select a category. If you have only added one category
then it will already be selected. Click "Add" Then click "Save & Close" in the
bottom right corner. This applies the changes and closes the application.

Halt! was written to help people with an addiction to internet gambling. So it
has been designed to be difficult to disable or uninstall. A password (entered
during installation) is required to stop or uninstall this program.

Requires [Microsoft .NET Framework](http://msdn.microsoft.com/netframework/dow
nloads/updates/default.aspx).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/haltcontrol.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

