# Download: iOpus Secure Email Attachments v1.0

**Short description: **

## Create a 448 bit encrypted compressed attachment with your sensitive
documents.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/iopus_sea_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download iOpus Secure Email Attachments v1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/IOpus-Secure-Email-Attachments-V_program_5736.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

LetA's face it, in the real world many people simply arenA't willing to buy
and install a specific encryption package just to be able to read a couple of
files you send them. With iOpus Secure Email Attachments (SEA) they donA't
have to, because you can send them self-decrypting archives that "unpack"
themselves. The recipient just double clicks on the file and enters the
password at the prompt displayed. The original files are then decrypted,
extracted and written to your disk automatically.

In just a few moments, you can create an encrypted, compressed (ZIP)
attachment with your sensitive documents. Ideal for sending information by
email or making secure backups. Thanks to compression, iOpus SEA packages are
up to 95 % smaller than the original files, saving time and money for e-mail
transmission. The recipient requires no special software, because iOpus SEA
packages decode themselves after the password is entered.

If desired, your company logo, a custom message, and a link to your home page
can be displayed: the perfect combination of branding and security. In
addition, your disclaimer may be displayed: your client has to accept it
before decrypting the iOpus SEA package.

iOpus SEA uses the Blowfish encryption algorithm with a key length of up to
448 bits. Blowfish encryption is so strong that it has never been cracked yet.
In fact, most experts agree that it cannot be cracked with current computer
technology and that includes supercomputers!

Your time is not worth waiting for your computer to do what you want him to
do. iOpus SEA is very fast. Encrypting or decrypting a file hardly takes any
longer than copying it.

iOpus SEA protects your data not only on its way across the internet, but also
on the recipientA's PC.

Easy to learn - no training required

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/iopus_sea.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

