# Download: BioniX Wallpaper Lite 8.12.0

**Short description: **

## Advanced desktop wallpaper cycler / wallpaper manager. Changes your
desktop.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bionixwp_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download BioniX Wallpaper Lite 8.12.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/BioniXWallpaper_program_8499.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

BioniX Wallpaper is a very customizable desktop manager that cycles wallpapers
so that your desktop will always look new and fresh. In order to be more user
friendly, the latest version come with a new button: the "get wallpapers"
button, which guides you to thousands of superb FREE wallpapers.

BioniX Wallpaper supports JPG, GIF, BMP, ICO, EMF image files. Soon it will
support more image types. You can set the cycling time between 1 second and 59
hours. Like Winamp, Bionix Wallpaper gives you the possibility to gather
images from all over the hardisk in one playlist, without changing their
physical location. The images can be stored in different directories or on
different harddisks / drives. Also, you can make multiple thematic playlists
and switch between them whenever you want to. It is easy to interact with the
playlists through "Playlist Editor" or "playlist panel" from the main window.
This wallpaper cycler supports more then 50.000 image files in one playlist.

The images from the playlist are displayed by the wallpaper changer randomly /
shuffle or continuously. While running, the wallpaper manager skips invalid
image files (that donA't exist any more in your computer). Also, like Winamp,
BioniX Wallpaper cycler has playlist navigation, which permits you to go back
and next through the images. On Windows 98, it switches automatically between
Active Desktop and normal desktop.

BioniX Wallpaper has, in addition to the well known tile / stretch / center
functions, 2 new smart functions: * smart stretch (if some of your pictures
are bigger or a little smaller than your desktop size, BioniX will make them
fit) and * smart tile (if some of your pictures are tiny, BioniX will tile
them). This program has an incredible fast algorithm for displaying images /
refreshing the desktop.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bionixwp.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

