# Download: Wallpaper Cycler Lite 3.6.0.180

**Short description: **

## Cycle several wallpapers with a specified delay or at specific times or
both.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wallpaper_cycler3_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Wallpaper Cycler Lite 3.6.0.180](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Wallpaper-Cycler-Lite_program_7075.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Wallpaper Cycler Lite is the free lite version of Wallpaper Cycler which is an
easy to use, yet powerful desktop wallpaper manager/changer to get rid of that
boring static wallpaper on your desktop. You can change the wallpaper with a
specific delay or at specific times or both. Wallpapers are easily managed in
multi-level categories which can have time constraints. For example: a
category can be defined for wallpapers that will only be used in the summer.
Categories can be linked to folders on your hard disk to automatically detect
new wallpapers. A lot of attention has been given to the performance of
Wallpaper Cycler. As a result, Wallpaper Cycler allows you to manage tens of
thousands of wallpapers without slowing down.

An advanced random selection algorithm is included to ensure that all
wallpapers are randomly chosen before a wallpaper appears again. Wallpaper
Cycler can also monitor your CPU load when it wants to cycle and prevent
cycling when your CPU is too busy, has several types of tiling modes, can
automatically calculate a suitable desktop background color, can make the
icons transparent on your desktop or hide them completely, supports system
wide hotkeys, has shell integration and much much more.

Wallpaper Cycler has three types of wallpapers: image, gradient and URL. URL
wallpapers allow you to add webcams to your desktop. A lot of image formats
are supported, such as JPG, JPE, BMP, DIB, RLE, TIF, PNG, TGA, ICB, VDA, VST,
JP2 (JPEG2000), JPC, PCX, DCX, PNM, PGM, PBM, PPM, RAS, ICO, ANI, EMF, WMF and
GIF.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/wallpaper_cycler3.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

