# Download: MemPad 3.54

**Short description: **

## A plain text outliner and note taking program with a structured index.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mempad_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download MemPad 3.54](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/MemPad_program_55144.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

MemPad is a plain text outliner and note taking program with a structured
index. All pages are stored in a single file. User interface in English,
German, French, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Russian, Turkish, Chinese.

The program offers standard editing functions including cut, copy, paste,
undo, date/time insert, drag&drop, and supports Web links as well as network
and local file or folder links (full path not required) and internal page
links. Environmental variables can be used in file links to run programs, for
example.

The index structure can be modified by buttons, context menu or hotkeys.
Cut&paste functions and quick node moving.

MemPad always saves data without prompting (when closing Mempad or opening
another file). Optional auto save (every 4 minutes). Automatic backup (can be
disabled by option); restore last backup, reload file.

Search through all pages or within a node; continue searching forwards or
backwards; Replace. Sort nodes (siblings) ascending/descending.

Word wrap mode, Read-only file handling, page locking (global or individual);
memory stack (pages, text positions) for browser type back/forw. jumping.

Options include: Selectable font, Background color, Minimize to System Tray,
Hotkey, Always on top, ESC shortcut to quit or minimize.

Popup menus with user defined words or expressions to insert, optionally with
date and time tokens. Configurable Web look up (dictionary etc.) through
context menu. Mini Launcher (through Tool button, menu, System Tray)

Diary support with year/month/day index structure. Go to (or create) todayA's
page with a key stroke.

Export page, node or all to a file or directly to another program; import
functions. Insert text file as page.

Password protected encryption, optionally in Win98 compatible mode.

MemPad operates in file environments (by extension and/or directory), each
with its own INI file. No Registry entries. File/Open menu within a chosen
file environment; optional "New Window".

Help is provided as MemPad file (in English).

**WhatA's New in version 3.54:**

  * PB compiler version 5.20 
  * Flickering cursor issue (on some computers) fixed 
  * Edit option (context menu or Alt+S): wide spacing of selected text 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mempad.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

