# Download: Dear Diary 2.0.4.0

**Short description: **

## A password protected diary app to record your personal thoughts and other
data.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dearestdiary_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Dear Diary 2.0.4.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Dear-Diary_program_92733.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Dear Diary is a password protected application in which you can store your
secrets. All data will be kept encrypted on your local machine which means
even if many people use your computer no one can access your entries unless
they know your username/password combination.

You can create diary entries of the current date, past date and future date
and can see all entries using the search option on the gadget which opens up a
calender. From within the calendar you can go to a specific date to see the
diary entry.

In case you forget the date when you made an entry, you can use the previous
entry feature which opens up the date when you made the last entry. Similarly
on the calender, you can use the previous button when you want to go to a date
where you made an entry previous to the date on the calendar. Similar to
previous button, there is a next option.

Another nice feature is that you can keep the font style and font color for
any day and the diary will remember this setting for that particular day. For
example, you made an entry on 28th August 2013 and selected Arial script of
size 20 and green color and saved it. The next time you open 28th August 2013
you will find the entry in Arial script of size 20 and green color.

Besides this you can use the diary to make your notes or yearly planner or
anything which suites your needs.

Whenever you are logged in, you can change your password any time you want. Be
sure to remember the username or password since your entries made in that user
will be kept for that user only.

The default username and password is (case-sensitive):

  * Username: Paarth 
  * Paassword: batra 

However, you can create a new user by simply clicking "New User? Click Here".

**Features:**

  * Password protection 
  * Create any number of users 
  * Write diary of any number of characters 
  * Write diary of any date . Current , previous or future 
  * Search previous Diary entries using Calendar search button 
  * Search Previous/ Next Diary entry from file menu 
  * Put font style for a particular day and this font will used with that particular diary entry date 
  * Font colors can also be used in similar way 
  * Update Password anytime while login 
  * Replace and find words in your entry 
  * Update entries any time 
  * Write words in any script 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dearestdiary.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

