# Download: OmniChex Web

**Short description: **

## Manage your info in a linked checklist web, with a browser, phone or Pocket
PC.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/omnichexweb_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download OmniChex Web](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/OmniChex-Web_program_9994.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Manage info on your website in a linked checklist web, with a browser, mobile
phone or Pocket PC. Ideal for all checklist types: task, to do, shopping,
meeting notes, travel, packing, bookmark, wish, wedding registry, recipe,
direction etc. Increase the value of your hosted, personal or corporate
website with interactive OmniChex products.

OmniChex enables you to manage your information in account(s) with hyperlinked
checklists. Access OmniChex online securely from your web browser, or on the
go using your mobile phone. Also access OmniChex accounts offline with your
Pocket PC powered device, and sync later with your website.

Rapidly setup your OmniChex accounts by browsing and optionally importing and
customizing templates. Interactively format your checklists to create custom
emails that you can send to contacts. Preview and interactively format your
checklists for color printing. Customize the look of OmniChex Web with your
colors and logo icon for seamless integration into your website. Perfect for
clubs, groups or families with shared checklists.

Linux, UNIX and Windows website installations supported. IIS and Apache web
servers supported. Installs on websites with Perl/CGI-BIN or ASP support, and
MySQL, CSV, or Windows DSN / DSN-Less databases. OmniChex Manager Windows
application bundles the OmniChex product suite, and provides easy install.
Manager enables deployment to either local or remote website using FTP.
Request evaluation and license keys using OmniChex Manager.

OmniChex Web works on Internet Explorer version 5 or above. OmniChex Pocket PC
installs on Pocket PC powered mobile devices including PDAA's and smart
phones. OmniChex Mobile Phone works on any phone with WAP / WML 1.1 support.
DonA't blog, keep your info on your website organized and manage it with
OmniChex!

The Baseline version is free.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/omnichexweb.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

