# Download: Remlap KnowledgeBASE v2.11

**Short description: **

## A free-form database organizer with Keyword Indexing.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/remlapkb_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Remlap KnowledgeBASE v2.11](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Remlap-KnowledgeBASE-V_program_21389.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Remlap KnowledgeBASE is a free-format, text, images and digital objects
database application. Employing an innovative system of Keywords Indexing,
documents can easily be located at a later date.

Documents can easily be created within the editor, which includes many
advanced features found in quality word processors. Including, Spell Checking,
Microsoft Word style, Live Spell-Checking and Microsoft WordArt. Spreadsheets
and charts can be displayed within a document and be linked back to the
original file, in order to reflect any changes.

Remlap KnowledgeBASE is auto-configured for multi-user/network support and is
therefore ideal for use in business, schools and colleges as well as meeting
the needs of the individual/personal user.

Primarily designed as an educational tool for school and college students,
Remlap KnowledgeBASE, while being easy to use, is flexible and powerful enough
to meet with most demands. From lawyers, academics and journalists through to
business administration and information dissemination across large networks.

While presenting the end-user with traditional and familiar interfaces, Remlap
KnowledgeBASE provides support for the latest Internet technologies of
information sharing. RSS Feeds and Podcasts can be linked into a document.
Podcasts are streamed to the end-user via the integral virtual iPod player.
With an increasing number of schools and universities releasing lectures and
lesson-material as Podcasts, now students can link the original into their
notes; a real bonus at examination revision time.

The exclusive KnowledgeBASE Resource Packets act as both a secure place for
storing confidential or personal information and as a method of publishing
additional material on a network, without fear of having the original material
defaced or deleted. Image, audio and video files are further protected against
unauthorized copying by being displayed in KnowledgeBASEA's integral media
player.

For users who require frequent use of Remlap KnowledgeBASE, we have developed
a software conversion patch, which will convert the program into a System Tray
utility. Also available as Freeware, this patch can be downloaded from the
Remlap Software website.

On network nodes where full editing privileges are not required or not
desirable, we offer KnowledgeBASE Browser. While incorporating all the
powerful searching and filtering as seen its big sister, KnowledgeBASE Browser
offers Read-Only access to databases. This may be particularly useful on
school or university networks, where the risk of having data deleted or
defaced is high. In common with all other software and services which make up
the KnowledgeBASE Suite, this application is also Freeware.

Remlap KnowledgeBASE is fully supported and is provided by email, live chat,
Skype and support forum.

As previously stated, Remlap KnowledgeBASE is available as Freeware. There is
no registration, no advertisements, no adware and no spyware.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/remlapkb.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

