# Download: Byteria Saga: Heroine Iysayana 1.8

**Short description: **

## Comedic story-based role-playing game with traditional mechanics.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/iysayana_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Byteria Saga: Heroine Iysayana 1.8](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Heroine-Iysayana_program_6438.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Heroine Iysayana is a story-based role-playing game with traditional
mechanics, set in the comedic video game world of Byteria. Our soon-to-be
heroine Iysayana is the only elf in the small kingdom of Ashford. Her rather
human lifestyle has focused on bashes, boys and booze A but now the goddess
YwA'nafob forces her into heroism. Now Iysayana has to bear the company of
annoying goody-goodies in order to unravel the supposedly villainous scheme of
Lord Shadmyr, investigate the disappearance of King Magnus and perhaps
discover an extremist plot that threatens the whole world A

In a top-down perspective you travel the lands, talk to other people, visit
stores, explore caves and dungeons and collect treasures. More playable heroes
join Iysayana over the course of her adventure, with varying fighting and
spellcasting abilities. Whenever the party runs into villains and monsters the
game will switch to battle mode, where you give your characters orders in a
classical turn-based system. Defeat your foes and earn experience and money.

Combat experience allows the heroes to grow stronger and learn new spells.
There is various magic to attack enemies, but also to heal or strengthen your
characters. But remember that spells consume energy which may eventually run
out. Look for treasure chests and go shopping to obtain items you can use to
restore health and magic, along with better weapons and armor. And talk to the
townsfolk to gather more or less useful information. The game can be played
with the keyboard or a joystick and comes with detailed instructions. You can
save and load your progress at any location in the game.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/iysayana.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

