# Download: Conquer Online for Mac v1292

**Short description: **

## A free-to-play 2.5D MMORPG set in the world of ancient China.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/conqueronline5_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Conquer Online for Mac v1292](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Conquer-Online-for-Mac_program_92648.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Conquer Online is a free-to-play 2.5D (2D Hand-Drawing scene with 3D character
and monster) MMORPG set in the world of ancient China. The game revealed its
first debut back in 2003 and currently has more than 10 million registered
users around the world. The game has a massive player base and simple game-
play. The combat is fast paced and fluid and it offers a myriad of fun PvP
options.

7 Unique Classes to choose:

Pirate- Nobody knows where these mysterious pirates come from. Rapiers and
pistols are their favorites. Once targets are locked on, they will never fail.
Experience helps them grab more stuff from enemies, but only half PK points
will be received.

Monk - Monks are the perfect combination of hand-to-hand combatant and back-
line supporter. ItA's a sacred class with strong spiritual powers (also known
as Chi Kung) and fighting abilities. They can assist you in battle by giving
your teammates various extra attributes, while still being able to duke it out
with other fighters.

Ninja- Ninjas are the fastest and hardest hitting class in Conquer Online.
Master of Toxic spells. They can deal massive amounts of damage in a short
amount of time, but they have lower hit points and defense, compared to the
other classes.

Archer - Archers are the only characters that can FLY and are swift characters
that can attack enemies from a distance using their bows. They have powerful
attacks but are vulnerable in melee range. Their skills allow them to hit
multiple targets as well, which make them very capable at dealing damage and
fighting for the teams.

Trojan- Trojans are all out melee damage dealers. They can deal massive
amounts of damage with their dual weapons and weapon skills, but they have low
defense compared to warriors.

Warrior - Warriors are the only characters that be able to equip shield, they
are similar to TrojanA's but are more balanced in terms of attack power and
defense. They are very capable of both dealing and absorbing damage.

Taoist- Taoists are the primary spell casters in Conquer Online. They can be
built to be either supportive A'Water TaoistsA' or offensive A'Fire TaoistsA'.
They generally have low hit points and melee combat, but more than make up for
that with their powerful magic.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/conqueronline5.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

