# Download: Quest 5.5.0

**Short description: **

## Create your own exciting text adventure games, without having to program.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/quest_gmkr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Quest 5.5.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Quest_program_63610.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Quest lets you create sophisticated text-based games, without having to
program. Make text adventures, role-playing games, training materials,
simulations, interactive fiction and more. And itA's completely free.

With its easy-to-use visual editor, absolutely no programming is required -
everything about your game is displayed in plain English. A full tutorial is
included so you can get started quickly. YouA're not limited to text - your
games can come alive with pictures, sound effects and music.

With Quest Packager, you can create a stand-alone EXE file for your game, so
your users can install your game with no additional downloads required. You
can also upload your game to our website textadventures.co.uk, so people will
be able to play without having to download anything at all!

In your Quest games, you can create rooms, objects, characters, containers,
and surfaces. Pick up and drop objects, use objects on other objects, and give
objects to characters. Easily add commands, so players can do what you want
them to do. Use scripts to make absolutely anything happen in your game. Move
the player, move and hide objects. Display menus, use subroutines, functions,
loops, conditional statements and more. Change object properties during the
game, create and clone objects, use variables, flags, timers and external
libraries.

Quest supports random number generation, string handling functions, arrays and
inheritance of object properties - and all of these advanced functions are
available from a plain-English interface. So you can create sophisticated
environments easily, and you wonA't come across any limitations. You have full
control over text formatting, fonts and colours, and you can display pictures
in BMP, GIF or JPEG formats. You can play music and sounds - MP3, WAV, MIDI
and MOD.

The Quest Compiler encrypts your game so others canA't edit it or cheat, and
all included graphics and sounds can be put into one file. Quest - let your
imagination fly.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/quest_gmkr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

