# Download: CodeTwo Active Directory Photos 1.1.1

**Short description: **

## Add users' photos to Active Directory.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/c2adphotos_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download CodeTwo Active Directory Photos 1.1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CodeTwo-Active-Directory-Photos_program_70264.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

CodeTwo Active Directory Photos is designed to let you easily upload usersA'
photographs to Active Directory, manage the and edit according to your needs.
Even hundreds of employeesA' photos can be auto-adjusted and uploaded to
Active DirectoryA's thumbnailPhoto property. Owing to this free application,
bulk photo changes and Active Directory photo uploads can be done with a few
clicks and they do not require using Import-RecipientDataProperty cmdlet
command any more. The user interface of CodeTwo Active Directory is clear and
logical.

In large organizations, photographs added to internal e-mails may be the best
way to let employees recognize each other and to make their conversation more
tangible and natural. CodeTwo Active Directory enables to add pictures to
internal Outlook 2010 messages and display them in GAL (Global Address List)
and contacts. Photographs can also be included in external messagesA'
signatures to allow clients to see who they are corresponding with. It may be
a good idea then to create a unified, beautiful e-mail signature template for
all employees. It would display appropriate photographs ascribed to every
staff member.

Adding photos to multiple e-mail signatures is simple if you insert Active
Directory (AD) placeholders to your e-mail template. This feature imports data
from AD and automatically supplies the signatures with a suitable content -
employeesA' photos in this case. You can activate this function using CodeTwo
Exchange Rules Pro. It includes a user-friendly template editor, containing a
wide list of applicable AD Dynamic Fields. Both CodeTwo Active Directory
Photos and a trial version of CodeTwo Exchange Rules Pro can be downloaded
from CodeTwoA's website for free.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/c2adphotos.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

