# Download: CodeTwo Attach Unblocker v1.2.4

**Short description: **

## Unblocking attachments blocked by Outlook.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/c2attchunblckr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download CodeTwo Attach Unblocker v1.2.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CodeTwo-Attach-Unblocker_program_58513.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

CodeTwo Attach Unblocker allows fast and convenient configuration of Microsoft
Outlook to unblock attachments blocked by Outlook by default (for example,
.exe, .url, .reg files). The program is setup directly in Microsoft Outlook,
which ensures quick and convenient editing.

From Microsoft Office 2000 with Service Pack 2 version (E-mail Security
Update) onwards, Outlook has not allowed opening some attachment types due to
safety reasons. These attachments are considered to be potentially dangerous
as they may contain viruses or can damage the system. A dangerous attachment
can neither be opened, nor saved on the hard disk. It will also be deleted
while attempting to forward the message. Therefore, it is not possible to read
such an attachment in Outlook. CodeTwo Attach Unblocker will enable you to
read all previously blocked attachments.

In order to define the attachment types that should not be blocked, in Outlook
2007 and older versions, click on the Attach Unblocker button that is placed
in the main toolbar. If you use Outlook 2010 click on the same button on the
ribbon. In the textfield, enter the file extension (the attachment type) you
wish to unblock and click Add. The file extension will be added to the
Unblocked attachments list and after restarting Outlook attachments of that
type will no longer be blocked and you will be able to save them on your hard
drive.

More than one type of attachment can be entered in one edit field by
separating the types with a semicolon. The types are not case sensitive.

The latest version of CodeTwo Attach Unblocker has one installation file that
automatically checks bit version of your Outlook and installs accordingly to
it. The improved program with a brand new User Interface is now available on
CodeTwoA's website - www.codetwo.com/freeware.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/c2attchunblckr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

