# Download: CommuniCrypt Mail v1.16

**Short description: **

## Standalone e-mail client with optional strongest RSA/AES encryption.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ccmscreenshot_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download CommuniCrypt Mail v1.16](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CommuniCrypt-Mail-V_program_18951.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Standalone eMail client with built-in strongest asymmetric Public-Key-
Encryption with RSA encryption algorithm (RSAES-OAEP). Key length for
encrypting up to 7120 bit. This eMail client is fully featured for
receiving/sending mails via POP3/SMTP. With the integrated SMTP engine you do
not need a SMTP server absolutely, program try to send the mail directly to
recipientA's mail server(if supported)!

Other features: mail forwarding, mail repying, a little addressbook,
encryption optional, attachments(encrypted with RSA or AES Rijndael), key
compatibility with other CommuniCrypt products, minimizeable to tray, online
update and much more! No external plugins or components needed, no extra costs
for your security.

This is an all-in-one solution to protect your Email privacy with the
strongest encryption available! Just a view clicks and you can send and
receive strong encrypted eMails in seconds! Encryption/Decryption is optional
to enable/disable so can use this great eMail client day by day - not only for
your encrypted mails!

CommuniCrypt Mail now collects all your e-mails from up to 6 POP3 accounts!
With the integrated file encryption/decryption tool you can encrypt or decrypt
your mail attachments or all other files you like with strongest RSA Public
Key encryption (key length from 338 bit up to 7120 bit) or with the symmetric
AES Rijndael encryption (256 bit). E-mail- and file security trough strongest
encryption - this is an all-in-one package for your privacy protection!

See website www.communicrypt.com for detailed full feature list.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ccmscreenshot.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

