# Download: GMail Drive Shell Extension 1.0.20

**Short description: **

## A Shell Namespace Extension that creates a virtual filesystem around your
Google GMail account.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/gmaildriveshell_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download GMail Drive Shell Extension 1.0.20](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/GMail-Drive-Shell-Extension_program_14814.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

GMail Drive is a Shell Namespace Extension that creates a virtual filesystem
around your Google GMail account, allowing you to use GMail as a storage
medium.

GMail Drive creates a virtual filesystem on top of your Google GMail account
and enables you to save and retrieve files stored on your GMail account
directly from inside Windows Explorer.

GMail Drive literally adds a new drive to your computer under the My Computer
folder, where you can create new folders, copy and dragA'nA'drop files to.

Ever since Google started to offer users a GMail e-mail account, which
includes storage space of a 1000 megabytes, you have had plenty of storage
space but not a lot to fill it up with.

With GMail Drive you can easily copy files to your GMail account and retrieve
them again. When you create a new file using GMail Drive, it generates an
e-mail and posts it to your account.

The e-mail appears in your normal Inbox folder, and the file is attached as an
e-mail attachment. GMail Drive periodically checks your mail account (using
the GMail search function) to see if new files have arrived and to rebuild the
directory structures.

But basically GMail Drive acts as any other hard-drive installed on your
computer. You can copy files to and from the GMail Drive folder simply by
using dragA'nA'drop like youA're used to with the normal Explorer folders.

Because the GMail files will clutter up your Inbox folder, you may wish to
create a filter in GMail to automatically move the files (prefixed with the
GMAILFS letters) to your archived mail folder.

Please note that GMail Drive is still an experimental tool. ThereA's still a
number of limitations of the file-system (such as total filename size must be
less than 65 characters), and it doesnA't make full use of the secure internet
protocols available.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/gmaildriveshell.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

