# Download: Symphony IMAP Backup v0.3

**Short description: **

## IMAP Backup Utility, with Restore Feature.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/symphonyimap_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Symphony IMAP Backup v0.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Symphony-IMAP-Backup-V_program_15137.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Symphony IMAP Backup is a Windows IMAP E-Mail back-up and restoration utility.
It combines the security and convenience of having your E-Mail messages
located on your personal computer, without sacrificing the rich collaboration
features of IMAP. Developed by Simplicato Inc., the authority on IMAP E-Mail
hosting, Symphony IMAP Backup allows you to download your entire IMAP mailbox
directly to your computer trough an intuitive interface.

Symphony IMAP Backup comes with build in "Restore" features, which allow you
to effortlessly restore any or all backed up E-Mail messages back to the IMAP
server of your choice. Just select the messages you need restored, then choose
a destination IMAP server and hit the restore button. Messages are restored
immediately to a dated folder, preserving their original format, directory
structure, and even the original attachment.

Messages that are backed-up to your personal computer can be easily searched
and viewed without the need of an internet connection. Search for your
messages using the "by-folder", "by-subject", "by-sender", or "by-date" query
and instantly view them in Outlook or Outlook Express.

For added convenience all messages are backed up locally to a friendly "file-
form", maintaining the directory structure. This means you can burn them
permanently to CDR just like you would any other files, ensuring that you
never loose another E-Mail message again. interface.

Symphony IMAP Backup is equipped with automatic synchronization, so you donA't
have to worry about missing new messages as they arrive. Just leave Symphony
IMAP Backup running minimized in the taskbar and it will automatically
synchronize and back-up newly arrived messages. Best of all its absolutely
free :-)

Requires [Microsoft .NET Framework](http://msdn.microsoft.com/netframework/dow
nloads/updates/default.aspx). (Note that .NET Framework is included in Windows
XP. It is recommended to update to the latest version.)

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/symphonyimap.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

