# Download: Backup2Net 1.1

**Short description: **

## Offers online and offline scheduled backup and recovery solutions.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/backup2net_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Backup2Net 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/BackupNet_program_17583.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Software offering online and offline scheduled backup and recovery solutions
which allow users to automatically store critical data in secure servers, and
make that data available for quick recovery.  
  
Users get 100 MB free web space in our secure server for file backup. The
scheduler allows you to set up automatic backup of specified data within your
computer hard drive, or zip drive or even online web space. You can select the
files, folders to be backed up daily, weekly or monthly. Backing up valuable
files and critical data has been a cause of head-ache and challenge for many
of us involved in home use, system administration, web mastering, project
management etc to mention a few.  
  
Backup2Net is a complete solution for your specific backup requirements. Now
you may not worry about loosing your critical data/files because of a
hardware/disk failure or damage/theft of removable storage media like tape/CD,
you have Backup2Net for your help - any time, any where. Backup2Net stores
your data/files in the safest place you can ever imagine. You can either
choose to save your backups in your local hard drive or our secure servers.
Saving your critical data in our secure servers ensure that your files are
safe for restoration at any time, even if your local system crashes or your
removable media is lost or damaged, with a remarkable advantage of mobility -
you can restore your files from any part of the world to any computer
connected to the internet. Using our backup Solution requires that you have
the Backup2Net executable (download free ) installed in your system. Currently
we are supporting only Windows versions of Operating systems.  
  
You can use our Backup2Net executable for free for local hard drive backups
and scheduling. If you want to backup your files/folders to the net, you need
to signup with us in a few easy and fast steps.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/backup2net.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

