# Download: Back4Sure 3.5.4

**Short description: **

## Backup your documents, pictures, music, videos and anything you find
valuable.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/back4sure_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Back4Sure 3.5.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Back4Sure_program_70583.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Back4Sure is a freeware program for making backup copies of your documents,
pictures, music, videos and anything you find valuable. The files to copy may
be distributed all over your computer, even on different drives.

Back4Sure will gather all the files youA've selected for backup and make a
copy of them into a specified target directory. The folder with the drive
drive letter of the source drive and the directory structure will be
automatically created in the target directory, so all your files will be
stored correctly and easy to find. In this process, Back4Sure will only copy
files that have changed since the last backup, so even a large number of files
is backed up as fast as possible.

You can use a USB flash drive, a second hard drive or a network share as
backup target. With the built-in compression of Back4Sure you can save space
and especially on flash disks lots of time when you make a backup of thousands
of files.

Back4Sure does not use a proprietary file format to store your data. All files
are simply copied or alternatively stored in standardized Zip or 7Zip
containers. This way you donA't need Back4Sure to get your files back, your
file manager will do the job!

Additionally, Back4Sure has an option to cleanup the target directory. With
this option you can remove orphaned files, that only exist in the target
directory but do not have correponding source files anymore.

While offering lots of options for the backup process, Back4Sure is still
handy and flexible: It occupies less than 4 MB of storage space and can easily
be run from a flash disk without installation. It does not leave any traces on
the host system and does not install any kind of extensions or services.

Download the 64-Bit version: [Back4Sure (64Bit)](http://www.ukrebs-
software.de/download/back4sure/Back4Sure64Setup.exe)

**WhatA's New in version 3.6.0:**

  * Fixed backup did not work if root directory was selected and system directories were excluded from display. 
  * Fixed broken error message if creating the file association for job files fails. 
  * Trying to change the file associations for job files will now correctly ask for admin privileges. 
  * Remaining backup time display added. 
  * Option for additionally comparing file size if file time is the same. 
  * Update of the OpenSSL libraries to version 1.0.1g. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/back4sure.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

