# Download: DataBaGG 1.3.5

**Short description: **

## Advanced cloud application to store and access your data.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/databagg_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download DataBaGG 1.3.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/DataBaGG_program_97887.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

DataBaGG is an advanced cloud application, which has been recently launched in
the market. It offers an online cloud storage platform that enables you to
store your data or information on the cloud.

With its launch, the application has gained the appreciation due to its user
friendliness and power of convenience. This simple and advanced application
can be downloaded easily and user can save it either on PC, laptop, or mobile
etc. This cloud application enables you to store your data online and share it
with anyone you want. You are about to explore the next level of convenience
of online cloud storage platform.

Apart from this, DataBaGG is enriched with most exciting features, which are
as follows:

  1. Auto Sync 
  2. Auto Backup 
  3. Tight Security 
  4. Global Access 
  5. Easy Share 

Each feature makes it more and more alluring due to which it has gained the
attention in the market. You no longer are restricted and have the global
access for uploaded data or crucial information. All you require is an
internet connection and your data is easily available to you all the time.
Users donAt have to worry about transferring the files of huge sizes. With the
help of DataBaGG, one can easily share the files of enormous sizes in few
quick minutes.

You are using advanced online data sharing with which, security will never be
an issue. Super security is protecting your crucial business information or
personal files. You can upload or share your files or data as per your
convenience with zero comprise on privacy. Auto backup and auto sync also
facilitates you to some extent as your uploaded files stay updated. It offers
lots of amazing features when it comes to online storage and access of digital
information.

You can start your journey of online cloud storage with 5GB free space. It
provides huge space, faster sharing, convenient upload of information and
online security. It can be considered as a best suited solution for both
individuals as well as businesses.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/databagg.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

