# Download: Bitrate Viewer 2.2

**Short description: **

## View the quality of your video files before you're outputting it to a DVD.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bitrateviewer1_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Bitrate Viewer 2.2](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Bitrate-Viewer_program_47309.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

This tool is functionally derived and rewritten from DVD-Lab PROA's integrated
Bitrate Viewer with some additional enhancements and specials.

The main concept of this tool is to analyze all MPEG material from which you
can create DVDA's directly with a DVD authoring tool and draw a graphical
histogram from analysis. So it should be able to read all files that include a
video track and that you can use as assets for an authoring tool. With the
graphical output you can easily view the quality of your video files before
youA're outputting it to a DVD and so save a lot of money by avoiding the
production of any bad stuff. ThatA's the main reason Bitrate Viewer is written
for. Maybe one of the best things of it: Bitrate Viewer is free software.

Because the main interface to read and analyze MPEG frames is based on the
(L)GPL FFMpeg library the tool can also read, analyze and display many other
video codecs than MPEG1 and MPEG2. But donA't complain if you supply a file
other than the main types MPEG1 and MPEG2 in the case of not working or even
crashing. This may happen from time to time.

A second interface for reading MPEGA's is integrated and used in Bitrate
Viewer whose reason for existence is the pre-estimation of the frame count for
an MPEG file just opened without reading it completely. This interface only
treats MPEG1 and MPEG2 file types. When you open such a file, this interface
estimates the frame count prior to the analysis so the tool can do a proper
preview while reading and analyzing the rest of it - in most cases.

You may find especially PanasonicA's VRO demuxed files or other MPEG files
with bad timestamps within. These markers will cause a bad frame count
estimation. In those cases the preview will be bad scaled until the file is
completely read.

There are many different MPEG encoders out there and also many possibilities
to interpret ISO/IEC MPEG specifications. Therefore it is a high level task to
calculate or estimate the frame count of an MPEG file prior reading it
completely. Basically the frame count estimation algorithm is optimized to
finish its job within a second or less. On MPEG1/MPEG2 ES and PES files this
can be accomplished normally within some hundred milliseconds (if you have the
file of interest on a standard hard drive that can read at appropriate speed).
If you open VOB files it may take longer than a second - but up to now it
didnA't ever exceed two seconds.

**System Requirements:**

  * PC compatible with Intel Pentium 5 / 850 MHz and up or AMD equivalent 
  * Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows 2003 Server, Windows Vista 
  * 256 MB RAM, preferably more 
  * 12 MB free disk space and as much as you need for your movie files to be analyzed 
  * SVGA colour graphics adapter with 16k colours or more 

**What's New in version 2.2:**

  * added: main viewer pane toggle/switch to double sized mode (for testing purposes) 
  * added: CRC check and file status display for MPEG 2 (PS and TS) 
  * added: show program number and PID (for MPEG 2 TS) 
  * feature: improved security for proxy password storage 
  * feature: auto-scale mode is now default for the bitrate display 
  * info: uses FFmpeg auto-built shared libs r22426 of 2010/03/10 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bitrateviewer1.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

