# Download: MKVCleaver 0.6.0.3

**Short description: **

## Extract tracks and other data from video files.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mkvcleaver_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download MKVCleaver 0.6.0.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/MKVCleaver_program_97905.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on February 19, 2014_  
  
MKVCleaver provides a graphic user interface for
[MKVToolnix](http://www.freewarefiles.com/MKVToolnix_program_46425.html),
which is used to extract data from Matroska (MKV, MKA, MKS, WebM) files. You
can use the program to extract tracts from your favorite videos. This is
important considering that one MKV file can contain many image or video and
audio tracks.

**Using MKVCleaner**

MKVCleaner has a simple interface that is easy to use. You can open the files
you want to process, remove some from your list if you change your mind or
locate
[MKVToolnix](http://www.freewarefiles.com/MKVToolnix_program_46425.html). The
extraction button remains disabled until you specify the path to
[MKVToolnix](http://www.freewarefiles.com/MKVToolnix_program_46425.html),
which means that you must install the platform tools before you can use the
program.

Besides browsing for required MKV files, we could simply drag and drop them
onto the program window. We managed to extract either individual tracks or
several tracks simultaneously, which included tags, chapters, attachments,
video and audio tracks. In batch mode, the program extracted all selected
tracks from all files simultaneously.

Once we had listed the files we wanted to process, MKVCleaner displayed the
tracks we could extract on the right side of the program window. We could then
select any of the tracks we wanted to extract or select more than one track
for batch extraction. The program let us choose the names we wanted to use and
location to save them. By default, it saves tracks in the parent folders. We
could also get detailed information about files if we wanted.

The program tracks language code ad detects the variable frame rate. It
automatically extracts videotimecodes for VFR files. If you want, you can
select timecodes-only mode.

You can also select what you want it to do after processing your files.
Depending on the number of files to process and their respective sizes, you
can set the program to turn off the computer after completion so that you
start attending to other matters.

**Pros**

  * Easy to use 
  * Supports batch extraction 
  * Drag and drop capability 
  * Converts H264 files to AVI 

**Verdict**

MKVCleaver is a simple tool that anyone who wants to extract anything from any
MKV file can use.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/mkvcleaver.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

