# Download: The Owner-Free File System 0.19.12

**Short description: **

## Content storage and retrieval system to securely share digital data
legally.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/offsystem09_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download The Owner-Free File System 0.19.12](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/The-Owner-Free-File-System_program_27644.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

You can imagine the OFFSYSTEM as a very big distributed hard disk: The vision
of the OFFSYSTEM is to be the biggest online storage solution all over the
world by a constantly growing peer-to-peer-network, supported by you and other
users. Upload a file into the OFFSYSTEM in Asia, turn off the computer and
download it from the OFFSYSTEM-network with another machine in America a few
weeks later. The file will be still available in the OFFSYSTEM. That is the
library of the future for any kind of media! And the access to the library is
owned by the users, by you! - The network is owner free.

So what is the OFFSYSTEM?

The OFFSYSTEM is the Owner Free File System - which means, the hard disc is
not owned by anyone, which means then: it is owned by us all! As in any local
File System, you can store (disperse) and retrieve (download) files. In the
OFFSYSTEM is that done online, which means, any user having acess to the
internet, can store or upload and download own, foreign or public files.

All files, which you upload to the OFFSYSTEM, are cutted into a kind of small
pieces, bits and bytes - called Blocks -, which are then stored by peer-to-
peer-technology.

That is all absolutely safe and secure, you can read in the technology
section, how the file is stored and why the Block has no reference to the
original file, because in the OFFSYSTEM a byte-range of several different
original-files perform one Block. The Block has nothing to do anymore with the
original file. You can imagine it as encrypted, though it is not encrypted,
but it is data, which was "mixed" out of serveral original files. One Block
can have multiple, contingent meaning - as they are build out of different
original files.

So you can store as well your private files in the OFFSYSTEM, no peer will
ever be able to read them. The peers share only hundreds of small and mixed
together Blocks - "white nose data". Blocks are algorhythm generated random
data, which no one owns.

Linux and MacOS versions are available for [download at the developerA's
website](http://offsystem.sourceforge.net/download.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/offsystem09.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

