# Download: Torrent Monster 1.2.0.0

**Short description: **

## A reliable file sharing app that allows you to download any digital file.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/torrentmonster_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Torrent Monster 1.2.0.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Torrent-Monster_program_47926.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Torrent Monster is a reliable file sharing app that allows you to download any
digital file such as images, music, movies, applications, documents, etc. fast
and accurate.

Running on the largest decentralized sharing network - Gnutella file network,
speeds up the whole download process. Due to a constantly growing community of
millions of registered users, as a Torrent Monster user youAll get quick
location and downloads of just about any type of file available on the P2P
network. With the resources of Torrent Monster network your chances to find
the files you want are definitely extremely improved.

As latest P2P technology and architecture has been used in creating this file
sharing program, Torrent Monster basically enables users to download any file
at maximum speed of their connection.

With this application you have all the main options laid out close to the top
of the app with tabs to separate them. Developers categorically focused on
making sure the users get they want, the files, and not on the eye-catching
design. The ease of use for searching is another selling point for Torrent
Monster. Just type in your search and itAs a matter of seconds till you get
your results.

The current version comes with several enhancements and new features,
including faster multisource downloads, complex library organizer, download
mesh that automatically boosts your search results and sources, magnet links
to easily share files on Web pages or other documents, better active blasting,
the capability to measure the speed of remote hosts and preview files while
downloading, optimized connection management, and dynamic uploading to get the
most out of total bandwidth.

**Features:**

  * Faster multisource downloads. 
  * Complex library organizer. 
  * Download mesh that automatically boosts your search results and sources. 
  * Magnet links to easily share files on Web pages or other documents. 
  * Better active blasting. 
  * The capability to measure the speed of remote hosts and preview files while downloading. 
  * Optimized connection management. 
  * Dynamic uploading to get the most out of total bandwidth. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/torrentmonster.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

