# Download: YobiDrive Community Edition

**Short description: **

## Professional File Sharing application and API to install on premise or in
the cloud.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/yobidrive_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download YobiDrive Community Edition](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/YobiDrive-Community-Edition_program_84526.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The YobiDrive Community Edition sharing platform comes bundled with YobiDrive
FX for Enterprise, a professional file sharing allowing you to seamlessly
share files with customers and partners with an unmatched level of security.
Share without limits, keep total control and access anywhere from a desktop,
laptop, tablet or smartphone.

You can now install on premise or in the cloud of your choice a world class
file sharing, in fact it is almost the same software as operated by the
YobiDrive FX service available from <https://web.yobidrive.com>, Google Apps
and other marketplaces.

This Community Edition is free for 10 users ( managers & writers: readers are
always unlimited so that you can send large files to unlimited users ), and
can be unlocked for more users depending on your kind of usage ( unlimited for
Non Profit Organisations ).

A debian server or virtual machine with internet access is recommended. We
recommend to visit our Web Site for updated information. We also recommend you
to contract some help from us or local specialists to refine the security
setup (you should install a firewall and a server sll certificate if you
donA't restrict the usage to an intranet, and have your server configuration
validated)

For developers, YobiDrive Community Edition exposes the Y3 API, allowing you
to build your own file sharing applications that rock: to help you the full
source code of the YobiDrive FX front end is open sourced under Apache 2
license.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/yobidrive.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

