# Download: Free Calculator 1.0

**Short description: **

## A general purpose ergonomic calculator which combines use simplicity and
calculation power.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tvalxfreecalc_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Free Calculator 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Free-Calculator_program_50289.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Free Calculator is a general purpose ergonomic calculator which combines use
simplicity and calculation power. It handles main arithmetic operations with
two operands, addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and complex
formulas with unlimited number of operations and operands. For example, you
can type in Edit Window such formula
((12.55+10.05+8.45+17.35)/30)*0.7-(13.45+15.76+2.05)*0.33 . Ergonomic design
allows easily navigate through controls and enter data using both mouse and
keyboard.

The Free Calculator has three windows or boxes: Edit Window, Result Window,
and History Window. In the Edit Window you enter formulas using buttons and
keyboard. When you use a keyboard, you can use all standard rules of text
editing. The most convenient is use of numerical pad on the right of standard
keyboard. Buttons also provides full functionality of Free Calculator. If you
mistake in typing formula, like square root of a negative number, you just get
a message in the Result Window that the formula is unclear. The Free
Calculator tries to handle all possible ambiguities, following the standard
mathematical rules. For example, formula 3/-4 - 5*2 will be treated as 3/(-4)
- (5*2) . If you want to be completely sure in the result, use parentheses.

A result number in the Result Window can be copied into Edit Window by
clicking Result button. Sometimes it is useful during calculations. For
example factorial button is absent, but you can easily calculate 10! by typing
formula 1*2*3*4*5*6*7*8*9*10 or by series 2*3, =, Result, *4, =, Result, *5,
=, Result, *6, =, Result, *7, =, Result,*8, =, Result, *9, =, Result, *10, =,
imitating "old style calculators".

Calculation History Window has unlimited length. Use a scroll bar to navigate
the window with log history. You can save the calculation history into text
file or print it. Before this you can change size and style of the font in
History Window.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tvalxfreecalc.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

