# Download: FrameSize2.0

**Short description: **

## Digital photo frame file cropping and resizing application.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/framesize2_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download FrameSize2.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/FrameSize_program_39129.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

A digital photo frame file resizing application. Format and optimize your
digital pictures for your digital photo frame. Avoid black bars, cropped
images and fit many more photos into the frameA's memory. Preserve and stamp
EXIF data onto output. Zoom in on areas of your digital photos for frame
display without compromising quality. Maintain settings for multiple photo
frames on the same computer. Adjust the output quality to store even more
photos on a frame.

Digital Photo Frames are great, and becoming increasingly popular. However,
typically they come in widescreen (16:9) sizes , which is great for movies,
but less great for digital photos which are commonly taken by digital cameras
in a non-widescreen format (usually 4:3). This results in the photo frame
having to display the image with ugly black bars down the sides, or having to
crop the image losing the top and bottom of the picture.

FrameSize is an application that allows you to quickly overcome these
limitations and produce high quality images from your digital photographs that
are formatted properly and perfectly optimised for your digital photo frame.

Using FrameSize provides the digital photo frame user with several benefits:

The photos being displayed on the frame will be in the correct aspect ratio
for the frame; The photos being displayed on the frame will contain exactly
the correct number of pixels for the frame, making each image file much
smaller than the original - fit many more photos into the frame memory; The
photos can be saved with a specified output quality allowing even more photos
to be saved on a frame; Multiple sets of options can be saved and loaded
allowing several photo frames to be maintained on he same PC; Information
about the original photo can be written onto the output image.

FrameSize allows these transformations to be performed on individual photos as
a one off operation, or on multiple photos if, for example, you need to
reformat many photos in one session.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/framesize2.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

