# Download: LuJoSoft Thumb Creator 1.0

**Short description: **

## Free program to create thumbnails from any image.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ljs_thumbcrtr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download LuJoSoft Thumb Creator 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/LuJoSoft-Thumb-Creator_program_55747.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

LuJoSoft Thumb Creator is a software to get thumbnails from any image. I have
always had problems generating thumbnails from a large amount of images
quickly and easily. Also standard graphic programs couldnA't meet my needs or
it simply took too much time handling image after image.

**What are Thumbnails?**  
Thumbnails are reduced-size versions of pictures, used to help in recognizing
and organizing them, serving the same role for images as a normal text index
does for words. In the age of digital images, visual search engines and image-
organizing programs normally use thumbnails, as do most modern operating
systems or desktop environments, such as Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, KDE, and
GNOME.

**Overview**  
Some web designers produce thumbnails with HTML coding that makes the userA's
browser shrink the picture, rather than use a smaller copy of the image. In
principle the display size of an image in pixels should always correspond to
its actual size, in part because one purpose of a thumbnail image on a web
page is to reduce download time. The visual quality of browser resizing is
also usually less than ideal.

**Benefits**  
This Thumbnail Generator is qualified for generating thumbnails of images you
are publishing on the Internet. Pre-generated thumbnails save you processor
utilization and disk space (if youA're generating thumbnails on the fly) - or
userA's time and money. But also converting a large amount of images from one
file format to another can be handled easily.

**Features:**

  * Image support 
  * Different file formats (BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, TIFF) - for both: source images and target thumbnails. 
  * Self specified thumbnail image prefix. 
  * Preview of source images and output thumbnails. 
  * Fixed width, height as well as maintaining aspect ratio. 
  * Bilinear re-sampling. 
Installation not required. Just download and run the executable.

**System Requirements:**

  * Window XP, Windows Server 2003/2008, Vista and Windows 7. 
  * Windows installer 3.1. if not install the program will install it. 
  * .Net framework 3.5 SP1. if not install the program will install it. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ljs_thumbcrtr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

