# Download: Adblock Plus for Internet Explorer 1.0

**Short description: **

## Block all banners, pop-ups, and video ads within Internet Explorer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/adblockplusie_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Adblock Plus for Internet Explorer 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Adblock-Plus-for-Internet-Explorer_program_90578.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Enjoy surfing the web without obtrusive ads cluttering your screen!

Adblock Plus for Internet Exporer blocks: - Banners - YouTube video ads -
Facebook advertisements - All other obtrusive ads Adblock Plus is the worldAs
most popular browser extension, and is used by millions of users worldwide. It
is a community-driven open source project, and hundreds of volunteers are
contributing to the success of Adblock Plus to make sure that all annoying ads
are automatically blocked.

Please note: When installing Adblock Plus for Internet Explorer, your browser
shows a warning that Adblock Plus for Internet Explorer has access to your
browsing history and data. This is a standard message, we NEVER collect any
information whatsoever! Recently, the Adblock Plus community introduced the
Acceptable Ads initiative. By allowing some small and static ads, you support
websites that rely on advertising but choose to do it in a non-intrusive way.
This feature can be disabled at any time. Go to http://adblockplus.org/en
/acceptable-ads to find out more.

Release announcements and changelogs can be found here:
http://adblockplus.org/releases/

Problems? Try restarting Internet Explorer and/or clicking "Update now" in the
Adblock Plus Options.

Found a bug? We are aware of some issues: http://adblockplus.org/en/known-
issues.

If you found more or need help, visit our forum:
https://adblockplus.org/forum/viewforum.php?f=10.

Feeling adventurous? Try out a development build to always get the latest
features of Adblock Plus for Internet Explorer: http://adblockplus.org/en
/development-builds (updated separately, independent settings).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/adblockplusie.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

