# Download: Avant Browser 2014 build 3

**Short description: **

## A fast, stable, multi-window browser.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/avantbrowser_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Avant Browser 2014 build 3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Avant-Browser_program_4189.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Avant Browser is a fast, stable, user-friendly, versatile web browser. Avant
Browser is a multi-window browser which features with many functions such as
Pop-up Stopper and Flash Ads Filter, Built-in Yahoo/Google Searching, Safe
Recovery, Integrated Cleaner and Advanced Browsing Options.

Flash Animation Filter: More than 85% of all flash animation on web pages is
advertising. These flash files are pretty large, and normally take up to 90%
of the size of the page youA're visiting. With Avant Browser you can save this
bandwidth by blocking the download of these flash files with just one easy
click. Avant Browser also provides options to block downloads of pictures,
videos, sounds and ActiveX components. With these options users can control
their bandwidth and speed up page loading.

Built-in Pop-up Stopper: Easily eliminate unwanted pop-up pages automatically
with just one click.

Additional Mouse Functions: If you click a link in the web page with the
middle mouse button, the link will be opened in a new window in the
background. And there are two handy mouse gestures in Avant Browser. The first
allows you to navigate backward one step by holding the right button down and
then clicking on the left button simultaneously. The second allows you to
navigate forward one step by reversing the buttons used: hold left, and click
right.

Multi-Window Browsing: Browse multiple web pages simultaneously. All opened
pages can be easily stopped, refreshed, closed or arranged with one click.

Real Full Screen Mode and Alternative Full Desktop mode: When you enable Full
Screen Mode, all you see is the webspace, with no toolbars or other clutter.
They are simply autohidden! Move your mouse over the top or bottom and find
the toolbar and tab bar respectively. Avant Browser also provides Full Desktop
Mode, which is the same as Full screen mode, but differs in that your windows
task bar stays visible.

**WhatA's New in version 2014 build 3:**

  * [Update]Chrome engine:34.0.1847.116 
  * [Add]Basque language 
  * [Fix]New opened pages show blank after openning firefox downloader manager or detaching tab 
  * [Fix]Tools>chrome>task manager option not working 
  * [Fix]Youtube video has two sounds after refreshing under chrome engine 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/avantbrowser.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

