# Download: Baidu Spark Browser 26.4.9999.1900

**Short description: **

## A free web browser that includes built-in social features and media
download functions.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/spark_browser_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Baidu Spark Browser 26.4.9999.1900](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Baidu-Spark-Browser_program_97707.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on February 12, 2014_  
  
Baidu Spark Browser is a Chromium based web browser that improves the classic
tools found in other browsers and brings some new ones in order to enhance
usersA browsing experience.

**Baidu Spark Browser Features**

  * Ability to download different types of media, including audio and video 
  * No need for third-party torrent download tools because the browser downloads torrents directly 
  * Video pop-up player 
  * Mouse gesture 
  * Data synchronization 

**Using Spark**

We started noticing improvements before we completed installing the Web
browser. The installation process was different from what we were used to, and
it took a few seconds to complete. When the browser launched after the
installation, we noticed that it had automatically added the bookmarks we had
on our Firefox browser.

One of the things that made the browser stand out for us was the ability to
navigate using mouse gestures. We used different functions when we moved the
mouse while holding the right button, including opening and closing tabs. The
feature is especially handy for those who frequently read web content. You
will find the gestures you need to perform different tasks in the Tools
submenu under Settings.

Another thing that we liked about the browser was the fact that we did not
have to install another program or extension to download videos or audio. We
only needed to click the Media button when navigating sites with relevant
media to download what we wanted. If you are interested in torrents, then you
will find a dedicated button for that.

Next to the two buttons was another button with a scissor image whose work we
did not know until we moused over it: taking screenshots. We could either
capture a whole page or click the left mouse button and drag to select the
area we wanted to capture. When we selected an area to capture, the browser
gave us a few editing options, including adding annotations.

On the opposite side is the button for restoring the last closed tab, which
makes it convenient to revisit pages without going to history. If you want to
get your browsing history, then you just need to click the small arrow next to
this button. Of course, you can also use the Ctrl+H keyboard shortcut. The
browser offers keyboard shortcuts for most of its functions, including taking
screenshots. If you want to browse without leaving a trace, then open an
Incognito Window: you do not have to change any setting.

If you encounter some problems when using Baidu Spark Web browser, you can
click on the Browser Doctor and select the type of problem you get and then
click the Fix Now button.

**Verdict**

If you like Chrome web browser, then you will certainly love Spark. The
Chromium based browser gives you many features that make it convenient even if
you are not a fan of Chrome. You can use it to open different Wep page
formats, including .mht single archive format that is not compatible with some
browsers.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/spark_browser.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

