# Download: BigBlogZoo v1.0.8

**Short description: **

## Search, Browse, Manage & Create Newsfeeds in RSS, ATOM or PDF. All For
Free!

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bigblogzoo_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download BigBlogZoo v1.0.8](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/BigBlogZoo-V_program_16880.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The BigBlogZoo is now for free! The BigBlogZoo is a rich source of current
categorized information from all over the world. ItA's not just about blogs.
Press releases, news, stock reports, forums and blogs are ready for you to
mine for your information requirements.

For example, find out what your customers are saying about your company,
create a media portal or just support your website with news. The BigBlogZoo
lets you: Search over 60,000 categorized newsfeeds. Republish content from
these newsfeeds as XML (RSS & ATOM). Highlight what you are looking for in
webpages, so that you can see what you are looking for. Manage your own
collection of newsfeeds. Submit newsfeeds, so that other users can share them.
Search multiple search engines and save the results as XML or PDF. Browse with
Tabs. View Newsfeeds as XML.

If you do web research or you want content for your website you should try the
BigBlogZoo or try the professional version, MediaMiner. MediaMiner is a data
mining tool. It specializes in news, press releases, stock reports, forums and
blogs. Results are saved as HTML, PDF or XML(ATOM & RSS) and uploaded to your
server. Find out what your customers are saying about your company, do online
media analysis, find out if your marketing strategy is working, create a media
portal or add breaking news to your website. If you do web research or if you
want content for your website you need MediaMiner. MediaMiner is designed for
researchers and webmasters. Researchers can use it to search for current
online media and to categorize it, while webmasters can dynamically integrate
that media into their websites through XML or HTML.

Included is a sample application that lets you search for Media about the
worldAs largest companies. Remember the BigBlogZoo is not just about blogs!
News, Press Releases, Stock Reports, and Forums are also waiting for you. Try
the semantic web and save time, by having timely and rigorously categorized
information available.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bigblogzoo.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

