# Download: Cyberfox 28.0.0

**Short description: **

## A 64-Bit web browser powered by Mozilla source code.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cyberfox_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Cyberfox 28.0.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Cyberfox_program_97663.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
A _Reviewed on February 11, 2014_  
  
If you are using a 64-bit computer, then a 64-Bit Web browser is ideal for
you. Cyberfox is created to make the best use of the 64-bit architecture for
faster speeds, and it is powered by Mozilla source code. The browser is also
compatible with Windows 8 operating system.

**Cyberfox Features:**

  * Compiled with Visual Studios 2012 
  * Compiled with the help of Intel C++ Compiler 
  * Powered by Mozilla source code 
  * Used Windows 8 SDK 
  * Compatible with 64-bit systems, including Windows 8 operating system 

**Using Cyberfox**

Cyberfox comes in both installable and portable versions. Its user interface
closely resembles that of Firefox, a popular open-source Web browser, but it
uses a darker theme. The main interface had additional options that allowed us
to easily restart the browser and clean its memory cache. We found it easy to
use the existing data on our Firefox Web browser, including history and
bookmarks. We could easily bookmark links by dragging them onto the bookmarks
menu.

The designers also made it convenient for users to configure the Web browser.
For example, you can go to the Options submenu to access the about:config tab,
which allows you to configure how your browser operates. However, you should
not interfere with the settings unless you are sure of what you are doing.

Additional functions of Cyberfox include:

  * Enabling geolocation features 
  * Cloning a tab 
  * Changing the download list aspect 

Cyberfox is a relatively fast Web browser that takes advantage of the 64-bit
system. However, some users may have difficulty seeing all content against the
dark theme.

**Conclusion**

Cyberfox uses low RAM and CPU resources, which makes it ideal for people who
want to minimize the system resources they use while browsing the Web. The
browser is not compatible with Windows XP.

**Special Note**

The designers did not mention this explicitly apart from giving a statement
that the 64-bit Web browser Auses same profile as Firefox,A but once we had
transferred our Firefox data, Cyberfox replaced our browser. It did not
uninstall Firefox, but whenever we tried to open Firefox, we ended up
launching Cyberfox instead. If you want to restore your Firefox, you will need
to delete Cyberfox.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cyberfox.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

