# Download: Fave 1.0

**Short description: **

## Chicago's New Neighborhood Browser - Get Local.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/favebrowser_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Fave 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Fave_program_34286.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ChicagoA's New Neighborhood Browser - Get Local!

Fave is the first Aneighborhood browserA freeware that accesses, retrieves,
prioritizes, and saves information from an exclusive neighborhood commercial
database, and presents only relevant results to the user by proximity in an
uncluttered, continuously updated, searchable, and web-linked format.

Fave comes loaded with 350,000 northeastern Illinois businesses and
organizations, many of which cannot be found through ordinary search engines,
all key-worded, categorized, and geo-located by neighborhood, zip code, and
town. Results are listed for consumers by proximity to where they are, or to
where they will shortly be, accompanied by maps, contact information, and Web
site links.

FaveAs greatest delight is its dozens of entertaining, value-driven videos.
Small business clients can now afford to create and deliver TV-style videos
and appear on page one of local search results for a small fraction of the
price of cable production and media.

Fave also protects personal identity and information. It performs searches and
stores the results locally, meaning thereAs no tracking history nor search
profiling.

When you search for products and services, you sometimes consider used goods
as an alternative to new. Fave provides a market for users to buy and sell
their own products through the software: this craigslist-like feature gives
users the option to post their own goods for consideration in searches. Buyers
see paid advertisements, business listings, and classifieds in a single
results page.

Fave also features a built-in electronic communication system that allows
users to immediately contact potential vendors by both instant message and
e-mail without having to look up their electronic addresses.

Fave finds it fast. Fave finds it local. Look Around!

**Note from FreewareFiles:** The download link provided redirects to the authorA's default download page. From there, you will be able to download the file for your Operating System directly.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/favebrowser.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

