# Download: iQ Browser 0.9.8 Build 1316

**Short description: **

## A fast, secure, skinnable web browser.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/iqbrowser_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download iQ Browser 0.9.8 Build 1316](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/IQ-Browser_program_48351.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

iQ Browser is a fast, secure, skinnable web browser. iQ Browser comes with a
smarter memory optimization system, requiring just 2.268M of RAM at startup,
less than one third of Internet Explorer 7 and one tenth of Firefox. Memory
optimization makes iQ faster to start and quicker at loading pages, so you can
spend more time enjoying the web. iQ is also multi-threaded, delivering faster
multi-tab browsing, enhanced stability and better JavaScript execution.

**Safer**  
iQ Browser provides comprehensive security protection built around the
innovative iQ user account system. When youA're done browsing with iQ, simply
sign off and walk away knowing that nobody can access your browsing history
after you leave. iQ also comes with one-click record deletion to keep your
online activities private and strict anti-malware and anti-phishing features,
supported by a team of round-the-clock security experts.

**Cooler**  
Tired of the same old grey window? iQ offers a sleeker, more elegant browsing
interface, with unique and stylish designs. The browser window is laid out to
provide maximum functionality with a minimal footprint. And a huge variety of
skins from leading artists, designers and brands lets you customize the look
and feel of the software to match your tasteAbecause at the end of the day,
your iQ should show off your style.

**Easier**  
iQ comes equipped with a range of smart tools to make browsing easier and more
convenient. Commonly used tools, like one-click bookmarking and iQA's built-in
Google search field let you get anywhere you want to go faster. And with mouse
gesture browsing controls, advanced tabbed-browsing functions and a smart
address bar, iQ ensures that your browsing experience is simple and
convenientAthe way it should be.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/iqbrowser.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

