# Download: Reframe It 1.0.1 Beta

**Short description: **

## Reframe It lets you comment on any content on the web without the
permission of the site owner.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Reframe It 1.0.1 Beta](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Reframe-It_program_45510.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Reframe It seeks to transform the nature of the public web by creating a
virtual margin alongside any web page on which users can post comments to be
shared with other users and read what others have written. Reframe It makes it
possible for users to place any online material in a new light. It allows each
user to benefit from the insights of other users who place specific online
content in context and share their reactions in the form of online marginalia.

Reframe It is easy, accessible and empowering because it enables in-stream-of-
thought commenting. ItA's useful for communities of people who interact around
particular web content. It naturally accommodates disparate levels of
engagement and is particularly well-suited to small ad-hoc communities
networking around the task of interpreting a paragraph. Users time-shift their
community engagement so that it naturally flows around efficient moments of
maximal shared interestA the moments when community members are looking at the
same sentence and reacting to it. This lets them engage their friends and
colleagues in the natural course of their process of learning and thinking
about the world.

Reframe ItA's social mission is clear: offer the public a space right next to
the web where newspapers, bloggers, companies, governments, non-profits and
individuals are able to hold one another accountable for the information they
convey and withhold from the public. This lets people with relevant expertise
confirm good information and it lets them challenge information which is
inaccurate, misleading and deceptive so that the broader community of users
will not unwittingly fall victim to it. The internet needs this level of
transparency if misinformation is to be countered without being censored. As
both a technology and as a community Reframe It seeks to respond to this
compelling need by becoming the transparency engine for the web.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nopic.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

