# Download: SavingBot Shopper

**Short description: **

## Online shopping price comparison tool.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/savingbot_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SavingBot Shopper](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SavingBot-Shopper_program_2501.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SavingBot Shopper is a free online shopping tool which locates a better-priced
product, discounts, bargains, and coupon information for various shopping
malls.

Runs as a toolbar integrated with your browser and shows real time competitive
prices of products selected. A Shopping guide to compare prices for the best
deals on books (Hardcover, Paperback, Audio book, used book), music (a
cassette tape, CD, MP3), movies (VHS, DVD), computers (Hardware, Software) and
games (many different platform).

Shows key factors such as availability, shipping cost and sales tax from
various international Internet brands and merchants. Offers free software that
allows for simultaneous searches on online retailers, even will offer a
variety of comparison shopping web sites in the next version.

SavingBot Shopper is a helpful personal shopping assistant. Will extend
product and price comparison service to various international retailers and
product categories including electronics, auctions and toys on the basis of
meta search engine. Also offers review and save feature for products.

SavingBot Shopper tries to offer independent resources that help shoppers find
quality, safe shops on the Web that best meet the internet, international
shopperA's needs. SavingBot Shopper searches over 100 retail websites for the
best prices on 5 categories and around 5 countries. These retail websites are
selected using criteria such as security, delivery, reputation, customer
service, quality and site traffic.

SavingBot Shopper provides the user with an un-biased search. Special Features
are Intelligent cognition of shopperA's wish - As soon as you have clicked a
product at an online store, itA'll know what it is you want to buy. Automatic
price comparison - Once it recognizes the product you want to buy, it will
start to compare prices of the same item automatically.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/savingbot.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

