# Download: SidePipe v1.0

**Short description: **

## SidePipe is a browser enhancement technology and is used to create
WebPipes.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sidepipe_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SidePipe v1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SidePipe-V_program_3827.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SidePipe is a browser enhancement technology and is used to create WebPipes. A
WebPipe merges the functionality of web sites with the power and reach of web
portals to create personalized channels of Internet information specific to
users interests and/or needs. Each customized channel in essence creates a
unique Personal Internet Portal Environment or "PIPE."

Use the link below to learn more about SidePipe:

http://www.sidepipe.com/consumer/con_products_overview.htm

The CompanyA's core WebPipe product is FREE and combines the essential
Internet tools of live interactive browsing and navigation, bookmarking
favorites, email, chatting and message board discussions into one solution
that can be viewed with the simplicity of a slide show.

The SidePipe is only required for WebPipe authoring. Anyone with a web browser
can review a resulting WebPipe. WebPipe software is required for PIPE creation
only and is a tiny 2K file that automatically installs with one click in
typically less than 30 seconds.

The ability to create personalized Internet portals of information is powerful
by itself, but WebPipeA's strength is in its simplicity.

WebPipes enable browsing, data retrieval, real-time communications, online
community development as well as electronic information exchange with family,
friends, business associcates, school mates, etc. with basic point and click
efficiency.

Novice Internet users appreciate the streamlined, friendly user interface (not
too many confusing features and buttons to choose from). High-end users
appreciate the enormous reach, content management and collaborative features
the technology offers.

WebPipe represents a seamless merging of the InternetA's best tools into the
most efficient one source multi-tool, multi-browsing environment.

Note: The download link provided redirects to the authorA's site. From there,
you will be able to download the file directly.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sidepipe.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

