# Download: The Gadgetbar Toolbar for Firefox v4.5.159.0

**Short description: **

## Helps protect your computer with powerful anti-virus, security scans, tune
ups, PC fixes, more.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/gadgetbar_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download The Gadgetbar Toolbar for Firefox v4.5.159.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/The-Gadgetbar-Toolbar-For-Firefox-V_program_25296.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

The Gadgetbar Toolbar helps protect your computer with powerful anti-virus &
internet security scans, tune ups, PC fixes, firewall attack tracking, email
protection and more.

It doesnA't spy on browsing habits or launch pop-up or pop-under
advertisements, it doesnA't hijack searches or modify pages you visit, it
doesnA't block uninstallation or create security holes & it will not make it
easier for other people or programs to access your computer.

It does not sell or rent your email address or other personal information &
comes with powerful Anti-Virus & Spyware Scans, Registry Cleaner Scan, Disk
Cleanup Scan, Disk Fragmentation Scan, Open Ports Scan, Cookie Cleaner,
History Cleaner, Cache Cleaner, E-mail Notifier, Meta Search Engines, Free
Anti-Virus & PC Tools, free TV & movies Online, Computer Safety Scan, Toolbar
Radio, Firewall Test & Software, Popup Blocker Test, Secure Chat Room, &
E-card links. The "INFINITY BUTTON" allows you to randomly access Web sites
across the internet - visiting places youA've never before seen.

The Symantec DeepSight Analyzer is a free service accessed through the
Gadgetbar that gives you the ability to track and manage attacks on your
computer & firewall. VCatch program will ensure your email safety at all
times. Bootminder provides protection against boot-viruses. Virus A A Z
glossaries as well as exposed Hoaxes, Fake Security issues, Myths, Legends and
stories.

Mailwasher is an anti spam software, the easiest way to check and manage your
e-mails before you download them, plus A Mailcontrol, for fighting viruses
that use email as their primary infection mechanism. The AHacker WhackerA for
testing and detecting openings and weaknesses on your PC to help you protect
yourself from Hackers. Using ALeaktestA To aid in the exploration of product
strengths and weaknesses in your PC and much, much more!

The Gadgetbar is designed to operate without causing drag. It will not invade
privacy or make your PC vulnerable. It is designed to help protect your PC and
preserve it by offering the greatest functional programs available. These
programs are free if used through the Gadgetbar, but may cost if purchased
separately. The Gadgetbar is your link to having a better running computer.

This version is for Mozilla Firefox. The Gadgetbar Toolbar is also [available
for Internet Explorer](http://www.freewarefiles.com/program_5_51_25295.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/gadgetbar.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

