# Download: Forex Strategy Builder 2.73.0.0

**Short description: **

## Free strategy tester, generator, optimizer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/forexstbuilder_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Forex Strategy Builder 2.73.0.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Forex-Strategy-Builder-V_program_25984.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Forex Strategy Builder is complete solution for building and testing on-line
foreign exchange market trading strategies. It is free for use and
distribution. With Forex Strategy BuilderAs user friendly interface you can
create and back test a profitable trading system with just a few clicks.
Thanks to the programAs automatic system generator a successful market
strategy can be quickly produced without detailed technical analysis or
programming skills.

Using market rates, dating back to the 1980s, Forex Strategy Builder
immediately calculates statistics and creates charts for the whole trade. You
can easily create and test highly complicated trading systems using a wide
variety of indicators and logic allowing for almost infinite combinations. The
program also includes unique interpolation methods yielding reliable test
result within each data bar.

Forex Strategy Builder looks inside the current time frame using all shorter
data periods to produce a realistic market back test, calculates the most
profitable combination of parameters for the selected indicators, shows the
average result balance between all possible market scenarios (while protecting
from curve-fitting), shows you the price fluctuation inside each bar, and
recognizes all the ambiguous bars in the back test.

In short, Forex Strategy Builder provides you all you need to quickly
accomplish an in-depth technical analysis. Once done you can export your
strategy to get feedback from other experienced investors. On the programA's
website you can find additional information, help articles and tutorials as
well as the source code of more than 70 indicators. You can learn more about
the safety principles of back testing and to use ideas and systems from the
forum members.

The Forex Strategy Builder is compatible with Microsoft Windows
98/Me/2000/XP/Vista. NFree to download, use and distribute - no registration
is needed.

Requires: [Microsoft .NET Framework
2.0](http://www.freewarefiles.com/program_10_108_16026.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/forexstbuilder.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

