# Download: Simple Invoice Template 1.10

**Short description: **

## Free Excel-format simple invoice template.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/simpinvtemplate_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Simple Invoice Template 1.10](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Simple-Invoice-Template_program_96418.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

This is called a simple invoice template because it does not include an
important column that appears on almost all invoice templates designed at
InvoicingTemplates.com, i.e. the Description field / column on the invoice
body. Although a clear description of products sold / service performed is a
basic requirement of a general invoice, there are in fact some business where
the description is not practically required or possible, such as selling of
machine parts. In such situations a serial# or product# is more meaningful
than a description. This simple invoice template is designed with exactly such
situation in mind.

The simple invoice format is designed for standard A4 paper. Since we removed
the Description column, and a Serial# or Product# is usually short, we placed
two groups of "Product#, Quantity, Unit Price, Line Total" columns side by
side on the invoice body. This makes it possible to place 30 items on 15 lines
on a single page of a simple invoice.

The simple invoice layout includes both a "Bill To" section for client
information, and a "Ship To" section for shipping address information. If you
are a service business that does not require the "Ship To" section, visit our
web site for a variant of this invoice template that has the "Ship To" section
removed.

The simple invoice form has a Taxable column, implemented as a checkbox
column, placed outside the printable section. Each checkbox on the column is
corresponding to an item on the invoice body. If a check box is selected, the
amount of the corresponding item is counted when calculating tax.

The simple invoice sample has two taxes defined on the bottom of the form, PST
and GST. You can easily change the tax names and rates by typing in your own
tax names and rates - this will not break the Excel formulas that calculates
taxes and amounts.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/simpinvtemplate.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

