# Download: Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2.00

**Short description: **

## Lists all auto-start entries and allows them to be individually deleted or
to be deactivated.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ashampoosut2_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2.00](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Ashampoo-StartUp-Tuner_program_33086.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2 lists all auto-start entries and allows them to be
individually deleted or to be deactivated. If the user proceeds with caution
in this area, and at least deactivates all of the unnecessary entries, then
they will be able to enjoy a clearly faster start to Windows.

The new Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2 can do more than just this though. The tool
is also in the position of being able to designate all Windows services by
name A to allow their subsequent activation or deactivation with the click of
the mouse. At this point, the deactivation of the annoying Windows error
notification service is also possible. The Windows notification service should
also be deactivated, as it allows spammers to send messages directly to the
screen of the unsuspecting user.

The Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2 displays all installed Windows programs but
builds its lists clearly more quickly than the control panel software module.
Here, it is possible to uninstall programs that are no longer required so that
they can be removed from the computer without Aleaving behind tracksA as it
were.

IT specialists know that the acronym BHO stands for ABrowser Helper ObjectA.
BHOs concern plugins for the internet explorer. These plugins rapidly cluster
in alarmingly large numbers on the userAs computer. Some of them are useful,
but others are superfluous to requirements A or downright dangerous. The
Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2 lists all of them, and allows them to be individually
deleted or deactivated if they are no longer needed.

**Free registration**  
The Ashampoo StartUp Tuner 2 can be used free of charge for 10 days.
Subsequent to this time, a free online registration is then required in order
to receive an activation code which will convert the test version of the
program into a full version which can be used over the long term.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ashampoosut2.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

