# Download: CS Fire Monitor 3.0.1

**Short description: **

## A comprehensive monitoring tool for the Windows 2000, XP, 2003 and Vista
platforms.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/csfiremonitor3_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download CS Fire Monitor 3.0.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/CS-Fire-Monitor_program_19552.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

CS Fire Monitor is a comprehensive monitoring tool for the Windows 2000,
Windows XP and Windows 2003 platforms.

It has an extensive range of live monitoring screens that capture data from
many areas within a PC and since the application has its own inbuilt database
it is also capable of producing a number of reports which can be saved in a
variety of ways. In addition, the Remote Viewer allows the user to access
other PCs on the same LAN or over the Internet to extract key information.

CS Fire Monitor is highly configurable and incorporates several methods of
monitoring the same info so that each user can choose the most appropriate
method to meet their needs.

**Features:**

  * Bandwidth Monitor 
  * CPU Monitor 
  * Drives Monitor 
  * Hardware Monitor 
  * IP Monitor 
  * Memory Monitor 
  * Netstats Monitor 
  * Processes Monitor 
  * Services monitor 
  * Software Monitor 
  * Task Monitor 
The tasks monitor will be the biggest part of the program as time moves on.
Right now the tasks only do 2 things and that is email alerts when your IP
address changes. In future updates more and more tasks will be added, a
example would be " If this does this then do this". More will be added as per
user feedback.

If you would like the program to run a tasks when a certain event happens just
contact us and we will add it into the program if it isnA't already there.

NOTE: - It has been discovered that "Window Blinds" interferes with the setup
process. Please disable "Window Blinds" if you have it installed.)

  * "Window Blinds" doesnA't interfere with the CS Fire Monitor itself. 
  * CS Fire Monitor Has been tested on the new service pack 2 for Windows XP. 
If you use the CS Fire Monitor Screen saver, CS Fire Monitor must be running
for the screen saver to get the data.

CS Fire Monitor v1.6.1 and later can now start as a service. So if you have
the program start as a service you can also change the default logon screen
screen saver to the CS Fire Monitor screen saver using this easy method from
Microsoft. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/314493

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/csfiremonitor3.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

