# Download: Microsoft Process Explorer 16.02

**Short description: **

## Shows you information about which handles and DLLs processes have opened or
loaded.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/MSProcessExplorer_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Microsoft Process Explorer 16.02](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Microsoft-Process-Explorer_program_14219.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on August 07, 2013_  
  
If you would like to know the programs that have opened particular files or
directories on your computer, then you need a suitable process viewer like
Microsoft Process Explorer. The program displays information about the DLLs
processes and handles that have been loaded or opened. You can use it in
either DLL or handle mode depending on the information you want.

**How It Works**

The Process Explorer display has two windows that show different details. The
window at the top always displays the processes that are currently active. The
list provides comprehensive details, including the names of the accounts that
own the active processes.

The details listed on the bottom window depend on the chosen mode. If the
program runs in handle mode, the window displays the handles opened by the
processes selected on the top window. If it is running in DLL mode, the window
displays the memory-mapped files and DLLs loaded by the processes. We found
its powerful search feature useful in finding and displaying the processes
that had loaded particular DLLs or opened specific handles.

Microsoft Process Explorer is not just a process viewer but also a good
process manager. We used it to track down problems associated with handle
leaks and DLL-version issues, which gave us the opportunity to make necessary
tweaks. While this feature is more useful to experienced users, the program
also gives everybody the opportunity to learn how applications and windows
operate. The program provides comprehensive details about processes and allows
you to search for more information online.

Besides displaying who owns which processes, the program also displays
information about CPU and what consumes memory. This is useful in determining
memory hogs and deactivating them. We could even use it to stop the processes
that the stock Task Manager could not stop. It also has features not available
in Task Manager, such as viewing threads and suspending processes.

Process Explorer helped us to detect applications that were said to be
portable yet installed drivers on our system. We even determined that a
particular application left an executable file that kept running throughout!

**Conclusion**

If you are wondering what could be happening to your computer since it does
not run as fast as it used to while you have not installed many programs, then
Microsoft Process Explorer will help you pinpoint the culprits. You may be
surprised by what you find out. The portable application is compatible with
both 64 and 32 bit systems.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/MSProcessExplorer.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

