# Download: Process Hacker 2.33

**Short description: **

## Tool for viewing and manipulating processes and their threads, modules and
memory.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/processhacker_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Process Hacker 2.33](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Process-Hacker_program_46335.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on July 30, 2013_  
  
Process Hacker is a powerful process explorer that provides more functions
than the stock Windows Task Manager. You can use it to monitor system
resources, detect malware and even debug software to ensure your computer
functions well. The free application displays all network connections,
services and processes running on a computer using color codes to categorize
them for fast and easy identification.

**Features:**

  * Comprehensive and highlighted overview of system activity 
  * Displays process information using statistics and graphs for fast tracking of resource hogs 
  * Displays programs with active network connections 
  * Provides disk access information in real time 
  * Gives the ability to control, create and edit services 
  * Displays detailed stack traces with WOW64, kernel-mode and .NET support 
  * Allows copying of data using Ctrl+C 
  * Shows symbolic access marks 
  * Customizable 

**Using Process Hacker**

Since Process Hacker is a portable process explorer, we can use it on
different computers without multiple installs. We also found it relatively
easy to use although it requires some understanding of resource usage and
system processes among others. Color coding helped us to quickly identify
related running processes. In addition to providing general guidance, the
color codes also provide specific process peculiarities, such as own
processes, new objects and debugged processes. The codes also help to detect
malware by tagging dangerous processes. The notification system can help in
preventing malicious files from executing without your knowledge.

We got more information about the processes by hovering over their names. The
details included the services they were using, disk file and command line.

We used the application to suspend some running applications and terminated
others altogether. We also provided relevant information so we could run some
processes with different user accounts. We could toggle between system
resource graphs to view them either concurrently or zoom in to see more
details about one graph.

The Disk Tab displayed read/write access details broken down according to the
processes that invoked them. The process details listed may be somewhat
intimidating to a novice. The process window displays all running processes,
including the items that parent processes initiated, in a tree format. The
details include the usernames the processes belong to, PID number, a short
description and overall footprint on system resources.

Although the process explorer provides plenty of details, it uses a clean
interface that hides away most of the details until you want to see them. It
also takes a short time to learn how to interpret the details.

**Pros**

  * Portable 
  * Clean user interface 
  * Provides advanced features 
  * Provides notifications 
  * Customizable 
  * Active forum 

**Cons**

  * Process window is challenging for the average person to use 
  * Can tag some useful processes as dangerous 
  * Lack of help file 

**Conclusion**

Anyone who often uses Windows Task Manager will benefit from Process Hacker.
Users with little knowledge can stick to the main tabs to avoid tampering with
crucial processes.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/processhacker.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

