# Download: ARPCache Viewer v1.01.02

**Short description: **

## This tool allows you to see what is in your ARPCache and lets you remove
items.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/arpcacheviewer_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ARPCache Viewer v1.01.02](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ARPCache-Viewer-V_program_14130.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ARPCache is a secret, undocumented section of the registry used to store
information for Add/Remove Program items in the latest versions of Windows. If
you open Add/Remove Programs in the newer versions of Windows, you will notice
that certain information has been added, such as, size, frequency of use, and
last used on. This data is kept in binary files in the ARPCache of the
registry, which means that even if you know where it is in the registry, you
probably will not be able to read it.

ARPCache Viewer deciphers the binary files and shows you what is in each
entry. ARPCache is not ARP Cache Some people have mistakenly confused this
ARPCache (which obviously stands for Add Remove Programs Cache) with the
documented ARP (which stands for Address Resolution Protocol) Cache of the
Windows operating system. The documented ARP has to do with resolving IP
addresses across networks. This has nothing to do with the ARPCache in the
registry.

A problem with the ARPCache is that Windows automatically adds to this storage
area but it does not automatically remove items when they are uninstalled. The
ARPCache can be used to clean out the ARPCache or a good registry cleaner,
like, RegVac, can be used.

The ARPCache Viewer is freeware and may be freely distributed as long as it is
distributed in its entirety. Please support free programs like this by
purchasing our other programs.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/arpcacheviewer.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

