# Download: nMacro Recorder 1.1

**Short description: **

## Record both keyboard and mouse actions and then save them as standalone
executables.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nmacrorecorder_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download nMacro Recorder 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/NMacro-Recorder_program_23270.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

nMacro allows you to record both keyboard and mouse actions and then save them
as standalone executables, which you can run to reproduce recorded actions on
same system or on other systems. It works by hooking all messages sent by
mouse actions and key actions. Then it save it and binds it to an exe so that
when the stand alone executable is run it will play the recorded messages and
so reproduce the mouse and keyboard actions.

In order to start recording first you need to set where do you want the output
to be saved and its name. This is the executable that will result from the
recording. You can do this by writing the path in the Save Record As field or
by clicking the browse button next to it. Once youA've set the output path you
can start recording or you can set a password that will be required every time
you run the output before playing recorded events. Also here you have an
options to disable all keyboard input (except for CTRL+ALT+DEL that will stop
play) during the playing of the recorded events from the output.The password
and this last option are both optional.

To begin recording all you have to do is press the red Start Recording button
after youA've set the output path and name. To stop recording just press
CTRL+BREAK or click on the applications tray icon.

NOTICE: In order to reproduce recorded actions on other computer you must make
sure it has the same screen resolution as the system the actions were recorded
on, in order for the mouse actions be reproduce exactly. If youA're not sure
of this detail or of the exact alignment of the other systems icons you can
record only keyboard events.

Also please take into consideration loading times which may be different each
time you play recorded events.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nmacrorecorder.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

