# Download: Sweepi 5.4.00

**Short description: **

## Sweepi - Clean up your System! Delete unnecessary files quickly and
efficiently.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/Sweepi5_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Sweepi 5.4.00](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Sweepi_program_13679.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Sweepi - Clean up your System! Is your system slower and less efficient than
it was before? YooApplications presents Sweepi, a freeware tool that will help
you solve this problem and protect your privacy. Windows automatically files
great amounts of data on your hard drive that document your work and your
usage of the internet. In time this data gets to be so large that it
influences the efficiency of your system. Sweepi 5.2 cleans your system
efficiently and prevents the accumulation of unnecessary data.

One of the new features of Sweepi 5.2 is the Slicer. Sweepi Slicer allows you
to delete data in a way that makes restoration attempts almost impossible.
Sweepi 5.2 also features the popular tools of its predecessor: Sweepi
Bootmanager, used to check and organise the Windows Autostart entries, and
Sweepi Shortcutter, a tool used to find and destroy Shortcuts that are no
longer valid. Both tools have been strongly improved since the previous
version. These improvements ensure a more effective search for unnecessary
data and a better protection of your privacy. The protection is implemented by
the removal of index.dat files, of various protocol files, and of all cache
and Temporary Files. For first-time users, we developed the CleanUp Wizard
which serves as a guide throughout the cleaning process and offers answers to
many questions.

Sweepi 5.2 also contains a new CleanUp component - The program-specific
CleanUp: The program database of Sweepi 5.2 includes over 50 entries. Sweepi
will automatically recognise which of these programs are installed on your
computer. They can then be included in the search for unnecessary data. The
unnecessary data from these programs can then be deleted by Sweepi. This
unnecessary data includes history files and lists of recently used files to
name only a few examples. Deleting these files will create more space on your
hard drive and protect your privacy. Naturally, no personal data or documents
that still could be in use.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/Sweepi5.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

