# Download: Dead Pixel Buddy 1.1

**Short description: **

## This is a program for testing LCD screens for dead pixels.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dpbscreenshot_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Dead Pixel Buddy 1.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Dead-Pixel-Buddy_program_17976.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

This is a program for testing LCD screens for dead pixels.

Before trying to grasp the meaning of a dead pixel, first you need to
understand the technology behind LCD displays. An LCD display is essentially
made up of pixels. Each pixel is made up of red, blue and green valves. The
valves in each colour either block or pass the light source. By manipulating
the amount of light passed through, each pixel displays a distinctive colour
on screen. Pixels consisting of these valves are what make up the image that
is ultimately displayed on the screen. A typical monitor has millions of
pixels. A dead pixel refers to a pixel with a defect in its ability to display
the correct colour output. It may look like a tiny black spot on your screen,
or any other colour that does not correspond to what the actual image should
look like.

A typical 17 inch monitor contains up to 4 million pixels. Even a tiny dust
particle on one of the pixels during the manufacturing process can create a
dead pixel. Or a slight bump during shipping can break one of the highly
sensitive pixels.

If youA've scoured every inch of your screen but canA't find a single dead
pixel, you are in luck. Because of the complexity of the design, it is
generally regarded dead pixels appearing in some products are inevitable. If
you need to absolutely make sure whether you have purchased a defective
display, you can use this program. It simply paints your entire screen with
one of the colours that make up a pixel to make the dead pixel more
conspicuous to the naked eye. Run through the red, green and blue colours in
turn and check for pixels that do not match.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dpbscreenshot.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

