# Download: HWiNFO32 v4.37.2180 Beta / 4.36.2150

**Short description: **

## A professional, powerful system information tool for Windows.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/hwinfo32v4_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download HWiNFO32 v4.37.2180 Beta / 4.36.2150](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/HWiNFO32_program_44315.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on April 22, 2013_  
  
While many people usually think about system information tools when they
encounter problems with their computers, these programs can help in a variety
of situations. For example, the details may be useful when installing new
hardware or software, tweaking a computer or planning upgrades. HWiNFO32 is
one such tool, which is available free of charge. It is designed to extract
and display as much information as possible about a computer system. HWiNFO32
supports the latest standards, technologies and components in the industry.

**Features of HWiNFO32:**

  * Monitors system health 
  * Provides comprehensive hardware information 
  * Basic benchmarks 
  * Provides reports in different formats, including XML, CSV, TXT, HTML and MHTML 
  * Compatibility with 32-bit and 64-bit platforms 
  * Support for extensions 

**The user interface is divided into two main parts:**

  * An Explorer-style window that displays all hardware information by category in a tree-view on the left side 
  * A floating System Summary box that displays all important system information in a compact view 

**Using HWiNFO32**

When you open HWiNFO32, you will need to choose either the Run or Config mode.
Config mode allows users to tweak their systems and is only recommended for
advanced users who know what they are doing. Some selections can cause issues,
and the programAs documentation discourages against making selections that
cause particular issues. Run mode provides wizards used to access specific
functions.

When I expanded a heading in the tree view, the main window was filled with
lots of information extracted from my system. The program displayed different
types of data, including mainboard slots, ports and BIOS. It detected an
update that I let it download and install.

The toolbar in the main window allows users to configure the sensors of any
system and display their values. It is also from here that users can save
reports in their preferred formats. If you want to know more, this is also
where you can access a handy Help file.

The benchmark component can be used to test disk, RAM and CPU. It includes a
Compare option that ranks results from similar systems in graph form.

HWiNFO32 is a relatively small file that installs easily and performs a system
scan as soon as the installation process is complete. The program presents
hardware information in a simple and logical way, and the retrieved system
information can be exported into different file formats.

**Who can use HWiNFO32?**

HWiNFO32 is a powerful diagnostic tool that different types of people can use
to determine overall system health and make necessary adjustments. They
include system integrators, computer manufacturers and technical experts. It
is also important for anyone interested in performing driver updates.

**Pros**

HWiNFO32 provides comprehensive information about system health, including
voltage, power, fan and thermal details. Users have the opportunity to enhance
their experience by adding various extensions. For example, Mini WebServer
allows users to monitor the status of sensors from remote locations using
different devices, including cell phones.

**Cons**

None.

**Conclusion**

HWiNFO32 is actively developed and improved with each update. ItAs an
excellent diagnostic tool for experts or for users who are simply curious
about the details of their system.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/hwinfo32v4.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

