# Download: HttpMaster Express 2.2.0

**Short description: **

## Automate testing of web applications, including REST web services and API
applications.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/httpmaster21_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download HttpMaster Express 2.2.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/HttpMaster_program_86897.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

HttpMaster is a development tool to automate testing of web sites and
services, including RESTful web services and API applications, and monitor
their responses. With HttpMaster you can easily execute and monitor requests
to simulate client activity; it can execute requests against various web
servers and display complete request and response data. HttpMaster is also
able to generate high volume of web traffic for improved testing.  
  
HttpMaster project (hmpr file) exposes a large number of options to fine tune
generated web requests, for example, to specify http method, values of http
headers, URL encoding of parameters, global URL and query string values,
redirections, content types, request encoding, and many more.  
  
HttpMaster also supports definition of dynamic parameters which can be be used
to generate high volume of web requests. Dynamic parameters are used to
specify dynamic data for web parameters (for example, query string parameters)
to generate multiple different requests to the same internet resource.  
  
When executing web requests, HttpMaster allows you to monitor and review
complete request and response data of each executed request.  
  
For quick execution of simple web request without creating the corresponding
project file, HttpMaster contains functionality to create and execute simple
web request with default options and review request and response data.  
  
When working with HttpMaster, you will use modern user interface with tabs,
descriptive icons, A'quick helpA' buttons and integrated help file.  
  
HttpMaster runs on Microsoft Windows XP or later and requires [Microsoft .NET
Framework 3.5 SP1](http://www.freewarefiles.com/Microsoft-NET-Framework-
3_program_31320.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/httpmaster21.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

