# Download: ImageJ 2.1.4.7 i1

**Short description: **

## Display, edit, analyze, process, save and print 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit
images.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/imagej_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ImageJ 2.1.4.7 i1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ImageJ_program_53729.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ImageJ is a public domain Java image processing program inspired by NIH Image
for the Macintosh. It runs, either as an online applet or as a downloadable
application, on any computer with a Java 1.4 or later virtual machine.
Downloadable distributions are available for Windows, Mac OS, Mac OS X and
Linux.

It can display, edit, analyze, process, save and print 8-bit, 16-bit and
32-bit images. It can read many image formats including TIFF, GIF, JPEG, BMP,
DICOM, FITS and "raw". It supports "stacks", a series of images that share a
single window. It is multithreaded, so time-consuming operations such as image
file reading can be performed in parallel with other operations.

It can calculate area and pixel value statistics of user-defined selections.
It can measure distances and angles. It can create density histograms and line
profile plots. It supports standard image processing functions such as
contrast manipulation, sharpening, smoothing, edge detection and median
filtering.

It does geometric transformations such as scaling, rotation and flips. Image
can be zoomed up to 32:1 and down to 1:32. All analysis and processing
functions are available at any magnification factor. The program supports any
number of windows (images) simultaneously, limited only by available memory.

Spatial calibration is available to provide real world dimensional
measurements in units such as millimeters. Density or gray scale calibration
is also available.

ImageJ was designed with an open architecture that provides extensibility via
Java plugins. Custom acquisition, analysis and processing plugins can be
developed using ImageJA's built in editor and Java compiler. User-written
plugins make it possible to solve almost any image processing or analysis
problem.

**Note:** This download is bundled with 32-Bit JRE 1.7.

Downloads for MacOS and Linux are available at the [developerA's
website](http://rsb.info.nih.gov/ij/).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/imagej.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

