# Download: Pencil 2.0.5

**Short description: **

## A GUI prototyping tool to draw and sketch user interfaces ranging from
desktop to mobile platforms.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pencilproject_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Pencil 2.0.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Pencil_program_92386.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on October 07, 2013_  
  
Pencil is a free drawing program that helps users to create mockups on their
PCs. Its friendly graphic user interface provides ready access to a collection
of built-in shapes that can be used to create interfaces for both mobile and
desktop platforms. The prototyping tool is available for all platforms.

**Using Pencil**

Pencil gave us the opportunity to start building app prototypes as soon as we
installed it because it included pre-installed iOS and Android UI stencils and
wireframes. Other pre-installed shape collections include desktop and web UI
shapes, flowchart elements, basic web elements and general-purpose shapes. We
also had the option to download more collections that the Pencil community has
created. Installing a collection only required a drag-and-drop operation. The
latest version supports connectors that are useful in creating diagrams. The
connectors work well with the included flowcharts to create great diagrams.

The collections of shapes are arranged on the left part of the program
interface, with the working space covering most of the screen. Once we had
created some drawings, we could switch between Collections and My Stuff.

Making drawings was relatively easy because the program included common
drawing features. We sketched things easily and refined them as they took
shape. Alternatively, we could open existing images via drag-and-drop or file
browser functions. We included both plain and rich text in our drawings, and
we could zoom in and out to work better on specific parts. The Copy Shape
Format function made it easy to replicate shapes we wanted to use multiple
times.

We also had the option of finding clipart online using keywords. Pencil
integrates with OpenClipart.org that provides clipart in vector format, which
means you can scale them without sacrificing quality. Adding the clipart into
drawings is as simple as dragging and dropping them to the desired locations.

We chose the toolbars we wanted displayed by right-clicking on the toolbar
section and selecting or de-selecting options. The Options menu under Tools
also allowed us to make some configurations.

Pencil allowed us to export drawings to a variety of formats, including
rasterized PNG, Adobe PDF, Multi-page SVG files, OpenOffice documents and
single web pages. We could also print our drawings directly from the program
interface.

**Conclusion**

If you want a powerful but free drawing program, then Pencil is a good choice.
Even beginners will find it relatively easy to use because it works on the
"What You See Is What You Get" (WYSIWYG) basis.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pencilproject.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

