# Download: PixBuilder Studio 2.2.0

**Short description: **

## Free image editing software program for digital photo editing, images
processing, and resizing.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pixbuilder_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download PixBuilder Studio 2.2.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/PixBuilder-Studio_program_71250.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

PixBuilder Studio is a free image editing software program for digital photo
editing, images processing, and resizing. For digital photo editing, you can
use its many professional quality functions.

PixBuilder Studio allows you to use the following color management functions:
brightness/contrast management, color balance, and levels manipulation. For
professional results, you can use the curves function. In PixBuilder Studio,
to carry out great, professional looking photo editing, you can manipulate the
image with color channels. Layers concept, multi-step undo, gradients and
masks support, and text layers support all make PixBuilder Studio a great
graphics software program for image processing and creating illustration.

You can also use flexible selection transform and management functions for
drawing complex raster shapes and effects or use the built-in shapes drawing
tool. For other complex goals, you can use the built-in high quality effects,
such as different blur types, sharpen effects, and others. By using the web
safe palette and save with preview function, you can easily create web
graphics in any of the most popular formats you want: JPEG, GIF, PNG, and
more.

For other needs, you can use a standard set of graphics software features:
rotating, resizing, stamp tool, clone tool, healing brush tool, and many
others. The dockable interface concept helps you to organize your workspace
according to your individual wishes and makes your work more effective.

**Supported File Formats:**

**For read:** JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP, PCX, PSD, TGA, ICO, PBS  
**For write:** JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP, PCX, TGA, ICO, PBS 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/pixbuilder.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

