# Download: RealWorld Paint Portable v2013.1 SP1

**Short description: **

## An image viewer and editor that is fun to use.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/rwpaintcom_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download RealWorld Paint Portable v2013.1 SP1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/RealWorld-PaintCOM_program_47058.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on August 22, 2013_  
  
If you want a better image editor than Microsoft Paint but are not ready to
invest in an expensive program, then consider using RealWorld Paint. You can
use the free image editor to either edit existing images or create new ones
from scratch. Although the software includes some powerful features you will
not typically find in programs in the same category, it is still relatively
easy to use.

**RealWorld Paint Features**

  * **Compatible with different graphics:** The program seamlessly combines vector and raster graphics to help you draw various objects, including Web icons, buttons and even your personal logo. 
  * **Retouching Photos:** You can use the free image editor to crop or resize photos for various purposes, remove blemishes and even do some heavy photo-modding. 
  * **Creating animated GIF:** GIF animation can help you draw the attention of people browsing your site to particular sections, and the software will let you create your own. It can also help you save space using automated GIF optimization. 

RealWorld Paint supports layer effects, image blending, custom gradients,
reflections, drop shadows and .8bf Photoshop filters. Although the program is
pixel-oriented, it delivers the flexibility of vectors.

**Using RealWorld Paint**

We were pleased to find that RealWorld Paint was compatible with our existing
projects. The program can import and export different image files with layers.
For example, it imports Photoshop's .psd files with selected layer styles and
then converts them to its own native layer styles.

The program gave us plenty of flexibility. We could change object shapes and
colors in vector layers whenever we wanted and design arbitrary shapes using a
great Shape tool.

The process of creating animated GIFs was relatively straight forward. We
pasted pictures from the clipboard to create new frames. It is also possible
to drag and drop pictures from a file manager into the workspace. We then
modified the frames as normal layered images. Using the built-in animated GIF
optimizer was easy.

As a free image editor, RealWorld includes:

  * Crop tool for removing perspective and cropping images 
  * Clone tool for removing blemishes 
  * Shapeshifter tool for changing shapes 

**Pros**

  * Easy to use 
  * Compatible with different file formats 
  * Includes several powerful features 
  * Accepts existing images in various ways, including dragging and dropping, pasting from clipboard and scanning 
  * Ability to use mouse gestures to invoke commands 

**Cons**

  * A bit slow when processing large images 
RealWorld Paint is a portable program that does not depend on Java or .NET
framework. Although the software is free, you can make a donation.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/rwpaintcom.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

