# Download: ColorCodes 1.000

**Short description: **

## A simple, small and fast color picker, with screen pixel color picker and
magnifier.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/lsdpccodes_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download ColorCodes 1.000](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/ColorCodes_program_48145.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ColorCodes is a single exe file so you can put it anywhere. No other files are
written to your hard drive.

What does it do?

You are probably saying, "Not another color picker!". Well, when I was looking
for one, the software I found either had too many features or not enough. I
created ColorCodes to do exactly what I need and nothing more. ColorCodes
looks simple but it has some great features! Of course it gives you codes for
your selected color in Hexidecimal (Html), Decimal (RGB), Long, Windows
Hexidecimal (red and blue are reversed) plus Hue, Saturation, Brightness (HSB)
values. If you already have a color code, input it and ColorCodes converts it
to the other formats and displays the color. With the RGB sliders, you train
yourself visually to see what the changes do, to make selecting colors more
intuitive. You can select different hues (colors), retaining the same
saturation and brightness levels. This helps with finding colors that are
similar. Last but not least, ColorCodes has a built in screen color picker
with magnifier (zoom in up to 20x) to accurately grab the color of a single
pixel anywhere on the screen! Super Handy!

How do I use it?

Everything is click and drag... You can start at the top "bar". These are
"basic" colors (Hues with full saturation AND full brightness). In the second
section (the largest color area), you can select a hue with full saturation OR
full brightness. Adjust individual brightness and saturation levels to the far
right next to the "square". Once you are satisfied with those levels, use the
"third" bar to select a hue retaining your current saturation and brightness
levels. Now, this last feature I use more often than I ever thought I would.
Press the spacebar, the "square" turns into your display for what ever is
under your mouse pointer. Use the up and down curser arrows on your keyboard
to zoom in and out. Colors and codes are updated in real time. When you have
found your "perfect" color, press the spacebar again to lock in that color!

ThatA's a lot of words to describe something that is actually very simple to
use. You will love ColorCodes! Give it a try! ItA's only 72 KB (unzipped)!
Enjoy!

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/lsdpccodes.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

