# Download: Color Schemes 5.0.1

**Short description: **

## A color utility that puts together up to nine Color Schemes.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ColorSchemes_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Color Schemes 5.0.1](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Color-Schemes_program_19125.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Custom Solutions of Maryland helps you put together up to nine Color Schemes,
each Color Scheme with up to three colors.

In "Manual" mode, you set the colors for all windows. In "Automatic" mode, you
select the color for the top window and the colors for the bottom windows are
set automatically using 120 degree color wheel separation. Data is saved
automatically when you quit and reloaded automatically when you launch. This
software is freeware.

To work with a Color Scheme, click on the button next to that scheme. Each
window has three sliders which set the amount (0 to 255) of Red, Green and
Blue in the color. You can change the color by moving the sliders, typing into
the fields to the immediate right of each slider or using the Color Wheel. The
window color changes as you move the sliders or type into the fields. Click on
a window to open the Color Picker (in "Automatic" mode clicking on the bottom
windows does not open the Color Picker because these colors are set
automatically).

The Color Picker window offers five ways to select a color. You can use the
Color Wheel, use sliders (Gray Scale, Red-Green-Blue, Cyan-Magenta-Yellow-
Black, Hue-Saturation-Brightness), Color Palettes, Image Palettes or Crayons
to choose a color. Choose the desired color using any method and click on the
"OK" button. The Color Picker will close and the RGB color information will be
reflected in the window sliders, fields and window.

A Swap menu pick has been added to swap Left with Top (Command-L) or Right
with Top (Command-R) in "Manual" mode or rotate window colors clockwise
(Command-L) or rotate window colors counter-clockwise (Command-R) in
"Automatic" mode. Using this feature changes the operation to "Manual" mode.
Similarly, selecting a Color Scheme Choice always changes the operation to
"Manual" mode.

You can add a short comment for each window if you wish. When you are
satisfied with the scheme, click on the "Save Scheme" button to save the data.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ColorSchemes.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

