# Download: Amazeing 6.00

**Short description: **

## The original 3D maze walkthrough game - can you get out without getting
slimed?

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/amazeing600_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Amazeing 6.00](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Amazeing_program_18671.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Amazeing is a realistic 3D maze walkthrough game - can you find the exit? Or
will you be slimed by the evil mucus?

Choose an small easy maze until you get used to the game, or boggle your brain
with the huge 50x50 room single level challenge. Do you have what it takes to
make it through the synpase charring 25x25x25 room 3D labyrinth?

Amazeing has a huge range of fully configurable options, so you can customise
the look and game play to suit your mood and skill. Set the color scheme to
one of the nine preset ones, or use your own. Turn on colour cycling and watch
the waves of colour flow beneath your feet. A choice of viewpoints means you
can choose the one that you understand the easiest, and you can even use your
own messages on the walls!

There are a variety of things to make it easier. The hint feature gives you
precise directions on which way you should be going. The distance indicator
tells you just how far you are from the exit, so you can tell if you are
getting closer or further away. The compass lets you know the direction you
are facing, and the mud map automatically keeps track of where youA've been.

Of course, there are also things to make the game harder. Watch out for the
MUCUS (ewwww!!!), a big glob of mucus that can chase you through the maze.
DonA't get slimed now! Even the mucus is configurable - make it stupid or
smart, and use the radar screen to avoid it.

The random transportation factor lets you set the probability of suddenly
being transported somewhere else in the maze. Think youA've got the maze
figured out? Think again! AmazeingA's automatic maze generator means every
maze is different, every time.

Handsome pastel colors, cartoon sound effects and an original midi music score
will entertain you for hours as you wrestle with this brain teaser.

Other than needing Windows 95, 98, 2000/2003, NT4 or XP, Amazeing has no
special requirements. It will even run in 640x480x16 colours, although
800x600x256 is the recommended minimum.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/amazeing600.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

