# Download: Sudoku Assistenten v. 2.0

**Short description: **

## Lets you learn about, solve, print, export, copy/paste, analyse, make your
own sudoku, etc.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sudass_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Sudoku Assistenten v. 2.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Sudoku-Assistenten-V_program_15954.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Sudoku Assistenten is a free program that will let you learn about, solve,
print, export, copy/paste, analyse, rate difficulty, recieve hints and even
make your very own sudoku that can be shared on the programs online forum.

Sudoku Assistenten was created by sudoku enthusiasts, for sudoku enthusiasts,
and its sole aim is to offer anything and everything a sudokucrazy person
would want in a sudoku program, for free! It will both let you copy/paste any
sudoku you can find into the program as well as typing it in manually, or you
could even create your very own sudokus from scratch without any pre
knowledge. This is both fun and highly addictive!

Once in the program you can choose from many different approaches to solving
the sudoku, both with and without pencilmarks / candidates. If you get stuck,
Sudoku Assistenten can provide you with a lot of different hints and tips,
from a simple nudge in the right direction to complete graphical explanations
that are both easy to understand and educational. This also makes the program
a great learning-tool for both beginners and the more advanced sudokusolvers.

Opening and saving your sudokus is also made very easy with a unique .sud
filetype that will both remember your solving progress, as well as the
original sudoku board. This file, along with your comments, can then be shared
with your friends, or even with the whole world on the programs online forum
where people come to exchange and discuss sudoku. Any questions / suggestions
about the program can also be directed straight to the creators there.

The list of features also includes an accurate rating of any sudoku, the
possibility to export and print sudokuboards, and a unique "analytical mode"
that will provide you with a new perspective into the world of sudoku. Our
only hope is that people will enjoy using it as much as we enjoyed creating
it! :)

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/sudass.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

