# Download: DKNoteMinder 1.1.4

**Short description: **

## A small StayOnTop organizer for your notes and functions like a mini
Wordpad.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dknotemd_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download DKNoteMinder 1.1.4](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/DKNoteMinder_program_19737.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

DKNoteMinder is a small StayOnTop organizer for your notes and functions like
a mini Wordpad for taking notes. Typical operations supported are: cut, copy
and paste (graphics/pictures/text); change font colors, type face and the size
of text; Find and Replace; Web link detection.

**Uses:**  
DKNoteMinder stays on top of all open applications and operating system
windows. This keeps your notes always in view no matter what you are working
with.

Find dates with the built-in calendar month view. To display the calendar
either select Calendar from the View menu or click on the date shown in the
status bar.

**Options:**

  * Make DKNoteMinder so it is not always "on top" by selecting "Stay on top" from the Window menu. This will toggle "Stay on top" on and off. The default is to "Stay on top" (checked). 
  * DKNoteMinder by default is not sizeable, you can make it sizeable by clicking "Sizeable" from the Window menu. This will toggle the window state "Sizeable" on and off. 
  * Change DKNoteMinderA's window back to itA's default size by clicking "Default" from the Window menu. 

**Functionality:**  
DKNoteMinder is similar to the Wordpad application that comes with MS Windows.

You can save your notes to a file. The files are saved in "Rich Text Format"
(RTF) in the DKNoteMinder applicationA's "notes" sub directory. The saved
filenames are viewed from the drop down file list by clicking on the down(v)
arrow button (note: the button will then display the up (^) arrow, for closing
the file list).

Files from this list can be dragged and dropped on to the note taking area to
open and show the file contents. You can also left click on a file name to
select it, then right click and select Open or Delete from the menu to take
action on that file.

If you close DKNoteMinder from the desktop you can access it again by... right
clicking on the DKNoteMinder icon in the system tray and select DKNoteMinder
from the menu.

To print a file, select it from the file list, then click "Export" from the
File menu. This will open the selected file into WordPad (it comes with MS
Windows already). Once your file is open, select "Print" from the File menu in
WordPad.

**User selectable:**

  * Make DKNoteMinder window sizeable or not sizeable. 
  * Make DKNoteMinder Stay ontop or not, of all open applications and windows. 

Requires [Microsoft .NET Framework](http://msdn.microsoft.com/netframework/dow
nloads/updates/default.aspx). (Note that .NET Framework is included in Windows
XP. It is recommended to update to the latest version.)

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dknotemd.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

