# Download: SyncNotes 1.3

**Short description: **

## SyncNotes helps you keep important snippets of information at your
fingertips.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/syncnotes_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SyncNotes 1.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SyncNotes_program_11467.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

SyncNotes helps you keep you important snippets of information at your
fingertips, always.

SyncNotes allows you to easily store, retrieve and even communicate small
pieces of textual information. The SyncNotes System consists of a desktop
software that allows you to put up virtual sticky notes on your screen, a web
based system that synchronizes all notes from your PC(s) and a WAP based
interface to view and add notes when you are on the go.

The SyncNotes Desktop Client: The SyncNotes client is a windows application
that allows you to create and manage notes on your desktop computer. The
online notes and the local notes store are synchronized periodically every
time your computer connects to the Internet. You can put up notes on your
desktop, make them stay always on top so that you donA't forget your important
reminders; you can even make the notes translucent!

The NoteBox: The NoteBox is where all your notes are stored online, allowing
you to the synchronized notes using any web browser just by accessing your
SyncNotes.com account. This is also where you log into for getting a clear
list view of all your notes, making it easier for cleaning up your notes,
archiving them, etc.

SyncNotes Mobile: The SyncNotes Mobile Interface allows you to view, add,
edit, or send notes using any internet enabled device, that supports WAP or
XHTML, for example your mobile phone, your Pocket PCA or any other PDA. This
also makes SyncNotes a more cost efficient way of sending messages than SMS,
as the recipient need not have a mobile phone to receive your message.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/syncnotes.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

