# Download: Plex Media Server 0.9.905.411

**Short description: **

## A free media server that turns your home PC into a versatile streaming
media center.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/plexmediaserver_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Plex Media Server 0.9.905.411](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Plex-Media-Server_program_93238.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.gif)  
A _Reviewed on October 30, 2013_  
  
Home media servers are no longer restricted to locally connected systems,
which almost always required a computer. Plex Media Server gives you the
freedom to access all your media on different devices irrespective of your
location. The free media server turns your home PC into a versatile streaming
media center that rivals premium services.

The client side supports a wide variety of devices and systems, and the
development community is quite active. Users should therefore expect support
for even more devices and services.

**Using Plex Media Server**

When we installed and lauched Plex Media Server, it asked us to specify the
folders we wanted it to index and share. The program recognized our music and
video titles, including their respective details like cast, cover art and
rating. It can also add synopses of the titles gleaned online. We could change
between generic folders containing text file names and a database showing
library information and imagery without typing anything.

It is an in-browser extension that plugs into Plex website to give users
access to their respective content. When we launched the server, it took us to
Plex homepage where we could manage our content. We could manage our own
videos or add channels to view online videos.

The server allowed us to organize our media in different ways. We could save
TV shows and movies we had not completed into a special folder and keep new
media files into another special folder. This made it easy for us to find the
content we wanted. The Activity tab allowed us to check our past activities.

The devices you use to access your media do not need special codecs because
Plex Media Server transcodes both video and audio automatically and in real
time. You can use the media server on a variety of devices, including iOS,
Android and Roku boxes, all of which deliver descent video and audio quality.
Users add Plex to Roku as a channel that connects to their servers. We managed
to stream some videos in 1080p HD. However, transcoding is a resource-hogging
process that requires a dual-core system.

**Pros**

  * Support for many devices and systems 
  * Slick interface across all platforms 
  * Support for almost all media file formats 
  * Easy to search and browse files 

**Cons**

  * Transcoding is a resource-hog 

Plex Media Server provides a complete solution to online video and audio
streaming. Although this is a free media server, you need to pay PlexPass to
sync media between different devices and share media, which costs $3.99 a
month.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/plexmediaserver.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

