# Download: Baka MPlayer 1.4.5

**Short description: **

## A free video player that supports multiple video formats.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bakamplayer_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Baka MPlayer 1.4.5](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Baka-MPlayer_program_95567.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on December 20, 2013_  
  
Baka MPlayer is a portable and free video player that is compatible with
different multimedia files, including 10-bit encoded content. Its simple and
somewhat dull interface hides many great features under the hood. The mpv
based anime player has internal codecs that allow it to play many multimedia
file formats without the need to install any external codecs. The player
supports over 85 audio and 192 video codecs, which means you will hardly find
a multimedia file it cannot handle.

**Features:**

  * Compatible with almost all multimedia file formats 
  * Supports subtitles 
  * Compatible with different keyboard shortcuts 
  * Ability to take screenshots 

**Using Baka Mplayer**

Baka MPlayerA's portability makes it convenient because you can carry it with
you on a flash drive and use it on different computers. This also means that
it does not change system configurations. The playerA's interface lets you
focus on what you are watching without distractions.

We noticed that when we loaded a particular multimedia file such as MP4, the
player would add all files of the same format in the folder to a playlist. The
playlist appeared on the right part of the program interface, but we could
hide it whenever we wanted. At the top and bottom part of the player are file
menus and playback controls respectively.

Getting used to the player is easy considering the simple layout. It is ideal
for newbies while seasoned users will also enjoy its wide variety of features.

Keyboard shortcuts made it easy to control the player, and on top of that it
accepted voice controls. For example, you can simply say a media name to load
it. In addition to playing multimedia files stored on a hard drive, the free
video player allows you to access online multimedia content by opening their
URLs.

Besides the ability to play different multimedia formats natively, we liked
the playerA's fast response, thanks to its low resource demand. We also
welcomed the ability to take screenshots of desired sections, which we could
use for various purposes, including making labels.

**Pros**

  * Supports many formats right under the box 
  * Have many features 
  * Uncluttered user interface 
  * Easy to use 
  * Fast response 
  * Portable 

**Cons**

  * CanA't play without .NET Framework 3.5 or above 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/bakamplayer.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

