# Download: Chart Fusion 1.5.2

**Short description: **

## Listen to millions of songs for free or start your own online radio
station.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/chartfusionaa_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Chart Fusion 1.5.2](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Chart-Fusion_program_53663.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

ChartFusion is a free music player + online multimedia service available on
all major platforms, aimed at helping users discover music they enjoy by
combining information from a wide range of charts from all over the world.

Users can discover new music and create their own playlist using various tools
like an ever growing list of charts gathered from all over the world,
customizable live feeds providing the most popular songs on iTunes from
different countries and genres, and custom searches for their favorite
artists/songs.

ChartFusion is a service intended to provide increased user interaction. With
this thought in mind users can start their own online radio station by
broadcasting what they are playing so that their friends can tune in and
automatically listen to the same songs at the same time. Most popular and most
recent broadcasts are featured on the main page as well as in the "Now
Playing" section and users can discuss music on the community forums or on
each memberA's personal chat room.

It provides online backup/restore functionality so that personal data like
searches, playlists, charts and others can be easily transferred between
different computers, permitting seamless access to the music you like at home,
at work or on the road.

ChartFusion also provides advanced features like a similar artists and/or
similar songs retrieval system which is able to find a set of artists and
songs humanly perceived as related to or resembling the selected artist/song.
Using this tool users can easily discover music they may like based on music
they already love.

**Requires:** [Adobe AIR](http://www.freewarefiles.com/Adobe-AIR_program_42448.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/chartfusionaa.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

