# Download: EDM2014 Video 3.0.7

**Short description: **

## A fast, free, reliable video player.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/edmvideo_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download EDM2014 Video 3.0.7](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/EDM2014-Video_program_97838.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

More and more people start using mediaplayers to watch movies. People create
more home movies now than ever before, they download a lot more than before
and they want to be able to use their computer to watch all this. But at the
same time they donA't want to use hour upon hours on how to make this
possible. We, the developers of the tools they need take for granted that all
people have at least some basic knowledge about all this. They donA't!

Easy-Data with my new player EDM2014 Video does try to take this problem
seriously. I will try to explain how. First of all, EDM2014 does not need any
codecs to be downloaded and installed onto the users computer. It has all the
codecs needed built-in and supports all well known (and also most other) video
formats on the marked today. You can start a movie by clicking the play
button, double click a movie in windows explorer or simply by drag/drop a
movie file onto the player. So every possible way is supported for maximum
ease. Even the control buttons for the player is created to be as easy to
understand as possible. Ask your parents what a typical
play/pause/next/previous button is in windows mediaplayer, and you will be
surprised on how many donA't have a clue. This is why EDM2014 Video has
ordinary buttons with caption telling what it does. This way everyone
understand. OK, it may look a bit outdated this way but it is understandable
for all. And when it comes to the point, you are not going to look at the
buttons, you are going to watch a movie!

EDM2014 Video does not require a fast modern computer to work. It does not
install anything into the windows operating system, nor do it write anything
to the registry part of windows. It is in fact 100% portable, and is delivered
with an install/uninstall tool. The only reason for this is to make it as easy
as possible for all people. EDM2014 Video uses similar shortcuts as most of
the well known players. Yet another try to get it as userfriendly as possible.

Now, the really cool thing about this player is that even if it is made to be
as easy as possible, it still have lots of functions for the more geeky ones
out there. Like torrent search and download, video debugger tool, movie slide
creator +++.

No matter how simple a mediaplayer is there will always be certain tasks that
need quite a bit of knowledge. Lets take a look at subtitles. First of all you
have to know there is something called subtitles. Then, where and how to find
this on the net. Next up would be to download this subtitle file, usually they
are packed either with WinZip or WinRar witch brings the user to yet another
problem. At least if he/she donAt know what a .rar or .zip file is. Finally
you do need to know where to save that file, and also make sure the filename
is an exact match of the original video filename. You get my drift?

Even here the EDM2014 Video does its best to help out. Just start a movie,
then from the menu select search for subtitle. The player will lookup the
subtitle needed on the web, and all you as the user need to do is to select
witch language you want, and download. When the subtitle file is downloaded,
all the user needs to do is to drag/drop the downloaded file onto the player,
and it does the rest for you. If it is zipp'ed or rar'ed does not matter.
EDM2014 will unpack the file, copy it into the movie folder, make sure the
filenames are correct, and finally restart the video with the new subtitles
loaded.

**WhatA's New in version 3.0.8:**

  * Playlist supporting movie, audio and picture files. 
  * Changed GUI to be better in use. 
  * Smartblur filter is now selectable, but still set as default. 
  * Some minor bug fixes. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/edmvideo.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

