# Download: NMC Player 2.8b

**Short description: **

## A multi purpose graphical media player using MPlayer as the core engine.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nmcplayer_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download NMC Player 2.8b](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/NMC-Player-a_program_22690.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

NewsziA's Media Center (NMC) is a multi purpose graphical media player written
in C#2.0 using the award winnning "MPlayer - The Movie Player" as core engine.
Requires no other codec installation, and not conflicts with any other
application or codec.

NMCA's playlist does not only support .pls in addition to .m3u, but it has
itA's own playlist format (npl), which enables the user to choose which files
he wants to play this time from the list, so the list remains, but the player
skips the unchecked entrys, it also suppports titles, for both .pls (as pls
ver2) and m3u (as m3uext , m3u extended), and of course in .npl. It saves your
default playlist so next time you want to start your joy, it remembers.

It has a playlist list, or playliyts order list. The main purpose of this one,
is 4example you have plenty of playlists, for every album , or video series,
then you just have to load the playlist, define an order for them, and it
automatically opens them, and adds the media to your actual playlist, when you
remove the playlist from the playlist order, the related entrys will be
removed, but you do not even have to remove them! You can just uncheck them
whit their checkbox! So later you can easily re-add them to the nowplaying
list!

It supports six types of video deinterlaceing, two types of video denoise, can
add noise to the video, uses post processing (can be switch off). Autodetects
audio channels, but you can set it, supports 6CH audio, subwoofer, and center
powerspeaker emulation, matrix demuxing, to decode 2CH audio into 5.1CH or
such.

It has a sofware volume amplifying, Live effect, and audio noise reduction,
you can delay every chanel as you wish, but it has automatic delay calculation
if you know the distance betwen you and your speakers, also you can split
channels, or reroute them to any other channel you want to.

It can force 3 aspect ratio settings as 4:3, 2.35:1, and 16:9, however it
autodetects the default aspect.It supports multiple soundtrack,
subbtitletracks ( like matroska .mkv, or ogm often contains such tracks ),
external subtitles, automatically loads them, you can choose between the
awailable tracks.

It has a debug output window optionally can be opened, and has reconfigurable
seek buttons. Listens to hotkeys, and media buttons, has a keyboard help
window, you can pop it up for keyboard help any time.

It takes .png screenshots by pressing enter, or choosing it in the menubar. It
also has a d3d fullscreen mode supporting HD equipment, or 16:10 widescreens,
like 1440*900 resolution, or such.

Requires [Microsoft .NET Framework
2.0](http://www.freewarefiles.com/program_10_108_16026.html).

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/nmcplayer.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

