# Download: VLC Media Player 2.1.3

**Short description: **

## A free video player that can read DVDs, VCDs, MPEG, DivX, more without
additional codecs.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/vlcmediaplayer_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download VLC Media Player 2.1.3](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/VLC-Media-Player-VideoLAN_program_13617.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A Editor's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on September 26, 2013_  
  
Many media players are compatible with only a few formats, and users are
forced to install several programs if they want to play different types of
files. With VLC Media Player, however, you wonAt need to do this because this
free video player accepts all formats from a wide variety of inputs. In
addition to playing many audio and video formats, including Blu-Ray, the
latest version can also act as a server to stream both multicast and unicast
content in either IPv4 or IPv6. The changes in this new movie player put it
ahead of the competition.

**Features:**

  * Accepts all types of input, including streaming media, discs, files, webcams and other devices 
  * Plays most codecs without the need of installing other codec packs 
  * Zipped file playback 
  * Live recording 
  * Finer speed controls 
  * Frame by frame support 
  * Video scaling in full screen 
  * Converts media from one format to another 
  * Compatible with all computer operating systems 

**Installation**

Installing the player took only a few seconds although you can take slightly
longer if you want to select or deselect some of the many options it offers,
including installing Web browser plugin.

**Using VLC**

Considering the wide variety of options VLC Media Player has and the multiple
formats it accepts, the movie player is relatively light and fast. We found it
easy to interact with the player, and its buttons were responsive. We set the
free video recorder as the default player.

The program uses tabs to divide the various options it offers, each of which
provides options for making relevant adjustments. For example, users can
choose various effects and output modules in the audio tab while the video tab
provides options for performing deinterlacing, running on Accelerated Video
Output and creating different effects in real time.

We found it convenient to use the keyboard shortcuts the program supports. You
can use different key combinations to perform most of the things you can do
with a mouse. The free video player does a great job at keeping unused
features out of the way but easy to access. While many people will be
satisfied using VLC Media Player as their favorite movie player, the program
has more functions.

We could customize the player to suit our preferences, including choosing
toolbar elements and the position of the toolbar itself. We liked the
programAs ability to display the relevant portion immediately even when we
paused a video, which made it easy to locate desired sections before playing.

These features would make little sense if the sound quality were not
commensurate. Fortunately, VLC Media Player produces high quality audio and
accepts several configurations, including adjusting the equalizer and setting
surround sound. We particularly enjoyed the sound coming from the headphone.

**Pros**

  * Easy to install and use 
  * Plays everything 
  * Records and converts media 
  * Customizable 
  * Free and cross-platform 

**Cons**

  * Plays in the background when media file is clicked 

VLC Media Player is suitable for both basic and advanced users, which makes it
a well-rounded program.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/vlcmediaplayer.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

