# Download: Indline Messenger 5.3.2.306

**Short description: **

## A Communication tool that allows you to communicate with anyone, anytime,
anywhere.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/indlinemsngr_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Indline Messenger 5.3.2.306](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Indline-Messenger_program_52415.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

INDLINE is a Rich Media Communication Platform that allows you to communicate
with anyone, anytime, anywhere using the easiest and latest communication
technology. ItA's also a great tool for supporting your daily productivity.

Indline Instant Messaging allows you to have a small group conference with
multi video & multi voice simultaneously. Indline Instant messaging exceeds
the standard features of other IMs.

Indline Multimedia Conference / Chat Rooms are build for hundreds or even
thousands of people to interact simultaneously. You can broadcast video files
with a crispy stereo sound. Make your own music & video playlist or slide
presentation. Meanwhile you can view several cameras or videos from other
participants on the same time. A great tool for companies to do online
meetings, presentations, lives broadcasting. Saving your time & travel cost.
INDLINE Multimedia Conference / Chat Rooms is are embryo of a true IPTV.

Indline Multimedia Mail equipped with a full word processing capability and it
simplify for you to use stationary. Or just paste a video clip A paste music
or pictures, all into one page of your email. Other Indline user will receive
your mail as it is. No more need to download attachments. The multimedia mail
application allows you to manage several pop mails addresses. You can also
send a Video mail, Voice mail and Text messages (SMS). Very useful for
creating a news letter.

Other features: Besides being a Communication tools, Indline also provide you
with Productivity tools such as: Agenda, Address book, Word processing and
Spread Sheet as well as Social Networking features. In cooperation with many
worldwide parties Indline provides you Radio, TV streaming and Video on demand

Experience Indline and let this ultimate multimedia application change the way
you work, learn and play.

**System Requirements:**

  * Full duplex sound card 
  * Headset microphone for voice chat 
  * Webcam for video streaming 
  * Internet connection 56k or above 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/indlinemsngr.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

