# Download: SSuite Communication Sidebar 2.8

**Short description: **

## Collaborate better together with this communication sidebar.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ssuitecomm2_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download SSuite Communication Sidebar 2.8](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/SSuite-Office-Communication-Sidebar_program_61182.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Work better together. Collaboration means better work and beating deadlines.

Reduce travel costs and spend less on third-party conferencing tools.
SSuiteA's communication sidebar helps people save time and money by providing
one-click communication through our unified video communications technology,
and real-time document sharing using the file portal.

This makes virtual meetings more effective so users can get more done without
being in the same room, city, or even country. You can simultaneously
experience multiple modes of communication, including video conferencing,
telephony, and instant file transfer.

This application is also completely compatible with all our other peer-2-peer
communication software found on our web site.

**How it works:**

For LAN and Wi-Fi connections, simply enter the I.P. address or Host name you
want to call and click on the "Chat" button. When the ringtone goes off, just
answer your call and start chatting, with or without video.

For Internet Calls: Before making a call, press the refresh button to make
sure of your I.P. Address. When making a call over a DSL, Cable, or 3 / 4G
connection, connect first and then run the application to ensure a correct
return I.P. Address. On a LAN connection the I.P. Address is your network card
address. On a DSL, Cable, or 3 / 4G connection, the I.P. Address is the
address your I.S.P. provides automatically when you connect.

If you are behind a router, take a look at our tutorial on Video setup for
best results. You will need to enter setup information to do Port forwarding
on your router. To make a quick connection to a friend or family member over
the internet, simply sms your current I.P. address to whom ever you need to
contact while you are online. They in turn enter your I.P. address in the
address box and click on the chat button to start the connection.

Answer the call and start chatting with or without video.

**Please Note -** Read the ReadMe file first for best user experience!

**Minimum System Requirements:**

  * 1280 x 1024 Display size or larger 
  * Runs on all Windows systems - 32 bit and 64 bit 
  * Webcam, microphone, and LAN/Internet connection 

**WhatA's new in version 2.8:**

  * Gui elements updated and enhanced. 
  * Added dynamic image control for picture perfect video. 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/ssuitecomm2.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

