# Download: Cain and Abel 4.9.56

**Short description: **

## A password recovery tool for Microsoft Operating Systems.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cainandabel_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download Cain and Abel 4.9.56](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/Cain-And-Abel_program_24050.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Cain & Abel is a password recovery tool for Microsoft Operating Systems. It
allows easy recovery of various kind of passwords by sniffing the network,
cracking encrypted passwords using Dictionary, Brute-Force and Cryptanalysis
attacks, recording VoIP conversations, decoding scrambled passwords, revealing
password boxes, uncovering cached passwords and analyzing routing protocols.

The program does not exploit any software vulnerabilities or bugs that could
not be fixed with little effort. It covers some security aspects/weakness
present in protocolA's standards, authentication methods and caching
mechanisms; its main purpose is the simplified recovery of passwords and
credentials from various sources, however it also ships some "non standard"
utilities for Microsoft Windows users.

Cain & Abel has been developed in the hope that it will be useful for network
administrators, teachers, security consultants/professionals, forensic staff,
security software vendors, professional penetration tester and everyone else
that plans to use it for ethical reasons. The author will not help or support
any illegal activity done with this program. Be warned that there is the
possibility that you will cause damages and/or loss of data using this
software and that in no events shall the author be liable for such damages or
loss of data. Please carefully read the License Agreement included in the
program before using it.

The latest version is faster and contains a lot of new features like APR (Arp
Poison Routing) which enables sniffing on switched LANs and Man-in-the-Middle
attacks. The sniffer in this version can also analyze encrypted protocols such
as SSH-1 and HTTPS, and contains filters to capture credentials from a wide
range of authentication mechanisms. The new version also ships routing
protocols authentication monitors and routes extractors, dictionary and brute-
force crackers for all common hashing algorithms and for several specific
authentications, password/hash calculators, cryptanalysis attacks, password
decoders and some not so common utilities related to network and system
security.

**Note: This software can be detected as riskware by some antivirus scanners.**

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/cainandabel.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

