# Download: DirCryptHide 1.44

**Short description: **

## Password protected hidden folder in TrueCrypt containers.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dircrypthide_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download DirCryptHide 1.44](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/DirCryptHide_program_59712.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

Any number of folders with all subfolders (even on different drives) can be
moved in a highly scripted container file (which was created with TrueCrypt).
This can be opened with password if needed, this container file will mount as
another drive. When moving the data is first copied, while no error occurs,
the original folder is deleted, at the direction of the container, the data
can be shredded with the ERASER program.

With automatically generated hard links stored in the container file folder in
the PC file system are displayed. In this state you can work as normal with
the stored data, En/decryption is performed "on-the-fly", the data in the
container will always be encrypted. As long as an application accesses the
lists of container file that TrueCrypt prevented the closure of the container,
it is an indication, and the question whether the closing is to be forced,
therefore accidental closure is not possible.

The container file can be deactivated at any time, so that all folder
invisible (hard links) are deleted, all data is securely encrypted in the
container file. This also happens automatically when the PC after a normal
stop or a crash starts up again, the container file has to be remounted in
each case, a forgetting of the activation of the protection is thus excluded.
Since surviving the hard links restart automatically when installing the
automatic launching of DirCryptHide registered in the Registry.

The program deletes the invalid hard links, and terminates immediately. The
location of the container file can not be ascertained. After starting the
program and entering the password written on the top left program window. The
loss of the password means in any case, the loss of data in the container
file.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/dircrypthide.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

