# Download: TweakUAC 1.0

**Short description: **

## Quickly turn UAC (User Account Control of Microsoft Windows Vista) on or
off.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tweakuac_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download TweakUAC 1.0](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/TweakUAC_program_31590.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

TweakUAC is a freeware software utility that can be used to quickly turn UAC
(User Account Control of Microsoft Windows Vista) on or off, or to make UAC
operate in the quiet mode.

**Turn UAC off**  
This option turns UAC off completely. If this is what you want, select this
option, press OK, restart the computer, and you wonAt see the elevation
prompts anymore. Windows Vista will operate pretty much like Windows XP does
when you login to its administratorAs account.

**Switch UAC to the quiet mode**  
This option does not turn off UAC; instead, it only makes UAC to operate in
the quiet mode. In the quiet mode, UAC does not display the elevation prompts
for the administrators. That is, when you attempt to do an administrative
task, you will be allowed to proceed automatically, without prompting you to
confirm the operation. All other features of UAC would still be enabled: the
programs will run with the standard user permissions by default, and the
standard users will still see the elevation prompts (the quiet mode applies to
the administrator accounts only).

**Leave UAC on**  
If you have previously turned UAC off or switched it to operate in the quiet
mode, you can use this option to restore the original behavior of UAC.

Note that if you turn UAC off or swicth it to operate in the AquietA mode,
Vista starts displaying a warning message in its taskbar. You can turn that
message off, though: double-click on the shield icon in the taskbar to open
Windows Security Center. Then click on the AChange the way Security Center
alerts meA link, in the left panel. Finally, choose one of the ADonAt notify
meA options.

Note also that if you have used the Local Security Policy tool of Windows
Vista to change the advanced configuration options of UAC, they will not be
affected by TweakUAC; you would have to use the Local Security Policy tool to
modify them.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tweakuac.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

