# Download: FolderViewer 4.8

**Short description: **

## Powerful file manager that includes: file editor, image viewer, media
player, web browser, much more.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/folderviewer_md.gif)   
  
**Download link:** [Download FolderViewer 4.8](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/FolderViewer_program_26220.html)  
  

**Publisher's Description**  
  

FolderViewer is all about collaborative computing it collaborates with MS
Explorer, the Windows Namespace, the MS Internet Explorer, Google Desktop
Search and last but not least you, the user.

It will help you to list, print, (un)pack, rename, search, distribute and
convert and edit files and images. The files are presented on screen according
to different Views. There are already 50 different Views implemented in the
program, but you can design as many as you want and save them to disc. All
nearly 110 file properties (i.e. Author) and derived properties (i.e. Week
number) can be used to Group, Filter, Sort or Search on.

The Folder content or search results can be saved or exported to CSV, Excel,
XML or HTML files for example to publish your MS Word documents to a local
Intranet. (Un)Pack files and send them using your default mail client,
complete with an attached report of all the included files and their
properties. Multi process and convert images to different formats with just a
few mouse clicks.

Create new folders using the New Folder Wizard based on (company) rules.
Rename tags of MP3 files using the MP3 Batch processing tool. Organize your
photos using the FolderCommander (press F12) tool which displays your image
files in two panels using details or thumbnails.

You can print file lists, edit, preview and organize all kind of files like:
MS Office documents, Media files and PhotoA's: Using the EXIF/IPTC batch
editor, IPTC-data to XML converter, syntax based File Editor, HexEditor, MP3
player, MP3-tag editor, Slideshow-, and Image Editor (where you can add sounds
and annotations to images to use in a Slideshow).

Finally, after installing FolderViewer a MS Explorer add-in is also installed
on your computer. This tool offers you Folder content, Tree-structure and
Contact Sheet printing functionality from within the MS Explorer. There are
many other features not mentioned here. Just explore the program and press F1
to get to this Help-file when needed.

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/folderviewer.gif)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

