# Download: TagSpaces 1.7.9

**Short description: **

## A free utility to organize and quickly locate files on your computer.

  
**Thumbshot: **![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tagspaces_md.jpg)   
  
**Download link:** [Download TagSpaces 1.7.9](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/TagSpaces_program_99018.html)  
  

**FreewareFiles Editor's Review**  
  

A EditorA's Rating  
![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/images/rating/4.5.gif)  
A _Reviewed on April 02, 2014_  
  
TagSpaces is a freeware that provides a handy platform for personal data
management. Anyone who has accumulated many files on a computer will find it
time-consuming to locate specific files even if they are grouped into
relevantly named folders. This is where a data management application like
TagSpaces comes in handy. As its name indicates, the software adds tags to
files, making them easier to locate.

**Using TagSpaces**

We installed TagSpaces without any hitch and started using it within a minute.
The program featured an intuitive graphic interface that let us browse our
files in an HTML5 web interface. It is compatible with many file types and can
accept even more types with the help of plugins.

We needed to index the folder we wanted to work on and choose a name for our
project. The program then displayed the folder, including its sub-folders and
files, in a neat tree format. The left pane listed folders and sub-folders
while the list of files contained appeared in the right pane. It sorted all
the files in our directory depending on their formats. We used single mouse
clicks to perform a variety of functions, including:

  * Opening files 
  * Renaming files 
  * Adding tags 
  * Deleting files 

The program also allowed us to easily create new folders, HTML and TXT files
and mark down files. We created multiple tags for some files with similar
characteristics. The tags were saved in the names of their corresponding files
without creating any special database, which meant we could access them even
without using the data management application. We could also assign priority
levels to our files and include completion status for better organization.

To perform an action, we clicked on the dropdown arrow button next to the file
extension to open a menu and then selected the action we wanted. Adding
multiple tags was as easy as clicking check boxes to the right of the files
and then clicking the ATag selected filesA button found at the top section of
the program interface.

Once we had created tags, we could browse files normally or use the tags to
access them faster. We needed to start by typing the A+A sign in the search
box before typing the relevant tags, which enabled us to locate required files
in a breeze. The program allowed us to choose our preferred viewing mode among
folder, grid and list visualization styles.

**Pros**

  * Easy to use 
  * Gives fast results 
  * Can be extended using plugins 
  * Works offline 
  * Tags created can be used independent of the software 

**Cons**

  * Misses common features like Copy, Cut and Paste 
  * Does not add tags to folders 

  
  
Screenshot: ![](http://www.freewarefiles.com/screenshot/tagspaces.jpg)  
**For more freeware softwares visit [Freeware software downloads.](http://freesoftwares.boysofts.com/)**   
**And [Free softwares and php script downloads.](http://www.boysofts.com/)**

